

--- https://deadbydaylight.wiki.gg/wiki/Ghoul ---

Ken Kaneki was a gentle and kind-hearted boy who lived a simple life, studying literature at Kamii University, before a chance encounter turned his life upside down.
He and his friend Hide frequented the café Anteiku, where one of the regulars caught his eye: Rize Kamishiro. She shared his passion for reading, and he spotted her even reading the same novel as him. He worked up the courage to ask her on a date. While walking her home, Rize showed her true colors: those of a ghoul known as The Binge Eater. She feasted on his flesh, nearly killing him, until a freak construction accident caused her demise, and nearly caused his as well.
To save his life, doctors transplanted Rize's organs into Kaneki. He survived the surgery, but something was wrong... food lost its flavor, and strange cravings dogged him. The life-saving surgery had made him part-ghoul.
Confused and afraid, he followed his instincts into an alleyway where he ran into Touka Kirishima, one of the staff members at Anteiku. Shocked at his transformation, she brought him back to the café. He was surprised to learn that the staff at Anteiku were ghouls. They took him under his wing, helping him adapt to his new reality. He learned how to fight with his newfound powers, how to deal with his urges to kill and eat human flesh, and how to stay one step ahead of the CCG. His adaptation to his new life was cruelly interrupted when he was kidnapped and subjected to unprecedented physical and mental torture at the hands of a particularly cruel ghoul named Jason. His captor's exercises of control and profound violence were so diabolical that they broke Kaneki's mind, stripped him of what once made him human. His sense of self was shattered, and Rize stepped into the empty space, encouraging him to take control in his own life.
And control is what he took, paying back Jason's violence in kind. He broke free and battled his captor. The torture made him numb to pain, and his shattered psyche left him no space for hesitation. He defeated Jason after a short battle, and he devoured him.
He had been dragged into a nightmare a tormented boy, but he walked out a powerful ghoul. He considered what this would mean as he pushed his way through the heavy doors, and barely noticed as a black fog pooled around his feet. He walked out, confident that the torture was over. But as he observed his surroundings, he realized that perhaps it had only begun.
