

--- https://deadbydaylight.wiki.gg/wiki/Henry_Creel ---

(Vine Attack & Undergate Attack)
Henry Creel or "The First" , also known as  " Vecna/One ", is one of 42 Killers currently featured in Dead by Daylight .
He was introduced as the Killer of CHAPTER 38: Stranger Things Chapter 2 , a Chapter DLC released on 27 January 2026.
He originates from the 2016 Sci-Fi-Horror Web Television series Stranger Things , specifically from Season 4 and 5.
The First is a cunning and cruel former test subject, whose powers were sharpened in an alternate dimension.
His personal Perks, Turn Back the Clock , Secret Project , and Hex: Hive Mind , allow him to damage distant Generators , block them from repair, and set them back when another is completed.
From a young age, Henry Creel was disgusted by humanity and their endless cycles of eating, reproducing and dying. Their mindless play. As this hatred bubbled and fermented, he found that he had strange powers: first, an ability to control the house's grandfather clock, and later, the ability to manipulate minds. His powers reached a terrifying new level as he contorted and destroyed the bodies of his mother and sister. Henry's father, blamed for their deaths, was sent to Pennhurst Mental Hospital.
A shadowy organization faked Henry's death and moved him to a facility where his powers were limited by the Soteria chip, and studied along with several other children with psionic powers. He played along and was eventually made an orderly. But his compliance was a ruse. Once he was able to convince Eleven to remove his chip, he massacred the students and staff of the facility, only stopping when Eleven was able to banish him to another dimension.
Henry thought he was going to die. Instead, he became more powerful than ever before. From this new dimension, he committed a series of grisly murders as part of his plan to open gates to the real world and destroy all of humanity. But as he passed through a gate, a black fog appeared and he crossed over into a new realm - one unfamiliar, but full of potential.
The First comes with 3 Perks that are unique to him:
The first time you hook any Survivor , a random Dull Totem becomes a Hex Totem , provided that a Dull Totem remains in the Trial Grounds.
Generators are highlighted; the intensity of the generator's Auras reveals their repair progress.
As soon as a total of 4 generators have been completed in the Trial:
"You... let us in. And now, you are going to have to let us stay" — Henry Creel
Whenever a Totem is blessed or cleansed, a random unblocked generator becomes blocked for 20 / 25 / 30 seconds .
Whenever any number of Generators become blocked, you gain Undetectable Status Effect for 30 seconds .
"You are a prisoner here, just like me" — Henry Creel
After hooking a Survivor, for 40 / 50 / 60 seconds , press the Active Ability button to make a target generator within 20 meters explode, lose -10 % progress, and start regressing.
"Nothing will happen to you... Nothing that you don't deserve!" — Henry Creel
Prestiging The First will automatically add Tier I of his Unique Perks to the inventories of all other Killers and unlock the ability for their higher-tiered versions to spawn in their Bloodweb .
Prestige The First twice more to automatically add Tier II and Tier III respectively into the other Killers' inventories.
Foul Intent is the Primary Weapon of The First . He decided to bring that malevolent realm to the human world and extinguish them once and for all.
SPECIAL ABILITY: VINE ATTACK Press and hold Power button to start charging Vine Attack . Release the Power button button to cancel the Power. Press the Attack button while fully charged to create an area of effect on the ground, Survivors caught inside it will be inflicted 1 Worldbreaker Token . SPECIAL ABILITY: THE UPSIDE DOWN The First can enter The Upside Down by pressing the Secondary Power button . While in The Upside Down , The First :
This ability has a 35 second cool-down. At the start of the trial, the ability starts at 50% of the base cool-down. SPECIAL ABILITY: UNDERGATE ATTACK While in The Upside Down , The First can perform the Undergate Attack by pressing the Attack button . Peforming the attack causes an area of effect to grow around The First 's position.  Once it reaches the full radius, The First leaps out of the ground, exitting The Upside Down and inflicting any Survivor caught inside the radius of the attack with 2 Worldbreaker Tokens . SPECIAL AFFLICTION: WORLDBREAKER & WORLDBREAKER TOKENS Survivors start with 0 Worldbreaker Tokens , and may be inflicted up to 4 . Worldbreaker is activated when:
While Worldbreaker is active, Vine Attack and Undergate Attack will inflict damage to Survivors instead of inflicting Worldbreaker Tokens . Worldbreaker has two durations phases: Phase One and Phase Two. Phase One's duration is determined by the amount of Survivors present in the Trial: 60 seconds for each Survivor present in the Trial. Phase Two lasts for 50 seconds . Worldbreaker 's base count down is paused while carrying a Survivor. SPECIAL OBJECT: GRANDFATHER CLOCK 4 Grandfather Clocks spawn in the Trial. They become available to Survivors during Worldbreaker 's Phase One duration phase. Survivors are able to interact with Grandfather Clocks to speed up the count down of Phase One. SPECIAL INTERACTION: MIND BREAK Survivors who reached the second Hook Stage and have 4 Worldbreaker Tokens become exposed to Mind Break During Worldbreaker , if the Survivor exposed to Mind Break is inflicted damage that would send them to the Dying State by Vine Attack or Undergate Attack attacks, the Survivor will instead be sent floating into the air. The First will be granted the interaction to perform a Mind Break Mini-Mori while standing next to the floating Survivor by pressing the Secondary Power button .
Upside Down - Undergate Attack:
Worldbreaker - Mind Break Mini Mori:
Modifies Worldbreaker with the following effect:
Unlocks potential in your Aura-reading ability while using Worldbreaker :
Modifies Vine Attack with the following effect:
Modifies The Upside Down with the following effect:
Modifies the Undergate Attack with the following effect:
Modifies the Grandfather Clocks with the following effect:
Unlocks potential in your Aura-reading ability while using Vine Attack :
Modifies Undergate Attack with the following effect:
Modifies Worldbreaker with the following effect:
Modifies Worldbreaker with the following effect:
Modifies Vine Attack with the following effect:
Modifies Vine Attack with the following effect:
Modifies The Upside Down with the following effect:
Modifies Worldbreaker with the following effect:
Unlocks potential in your Aura-reading ability while using The Upside Down :
Modifies Worldbreaker with the following effect: When Worldbreaker activates the following effects trigger for 65 seconds
Modifies The Upside Down with the following effect:
Modifies Undergate Attack with the following effect:
Modifies the Vine Attack with the following effect:
Modifies Worldbreaker with the following effect:
There are 2 Achievements related to The First :
After hooking a Survivor, for 40 / 50 / 60 seconds , press the Active Ability button to make a target generator within 20 meters explode, lose -10 progress, and start regressing.
"Nothing will happen to you... Nothing that you don't deserve!" — Henry Creel
Whenever a Totem is blessed or cleansed, a random unblocked generator becomes blocked for 20 / 25 / 30 seconds .
Whenever any number of Generators become blocked, you gain Undetectable Status Effect for 30 seconds .
"You are a prisoner here, just like me" — Henry Creel
The first time you hook any Survivor , a random Dull Totem becomes a Hex Totem , provided that a Dull Totem remains in the Trial Grounds.
Generators are highlighted; the intensity of the generator's Auras reveals their repair progress.
As soon as a total of 4 generators have been completed in the Trial:
"You... let us in. And now, you are going to have to let us stay" — Henry Creel
Players can choose from a variety of Cosmetic options to customize The First :
Before his monstrous transformation, he lived as a prisoner and test subject in a secret government facility.
The alternate dimension would have destroyed anyone but the most powerful and driven monster.
The First has 1 alternate Character model available in the in-game Store:


--- https://deadbydaylight.wiki.gg/wiki/Burong_Sukapat ---

Head Form: Roxana B.L. (The Monster Factory)
Burong Sukapat or "The Krasue" is one of 42 Killers currently featured in Dead by Daylight .
She was introduced as the Killer of CHAPTER 37: Sinister Grace , a Chapter DLC released on 23 September 2025.
A shape-changing Killer, able to inflict Survivors with an effect that weakens them to her Intestinal Whip attack.
Her personal Perks, Ravenous , Wandering Eye , and Hex: Overture of Doom , help her increase mid-trial pressure, spot injured Survivors, and cause confusion to her whereabouts.
Burong Sukapat's operatic rehearsals in Thailand were a sea of emotion, but despite tiring efforts she was unable to become anything more than an understudy. What started as a desire to share her gift, became an unshakable need for fame. Her childhood friend Janjira was her biggest supporter, but aside from a shoulder to cry on, there was little more she could offer. It wasn't until Malai—a fellow singer who had quickly risen the ranks—reached out, that Burong's fortunes changed.
Malai presented Burong with a glass bottle, a clear liquid within, and advised her to drink it, her tone deadly serious:
Each night, another will inhabit your body—but you will be a success on the stage like me.
Burong laughed at the peculiar game. Even so, she wanted more than anything to believe its truth. She grabbed the bottle, swallowing every drop.
In the following weeks, Burong's skin felt softer, and she found a depth in her voice she never knew existed. During her next audition, the director took notice, enraptured by the sound that echoed through the theatre. As the song ended, Burong thanked the director before coughing blood into a handkerchief. She stuffed it into her pocket, choosing ignorance. Whatever was happening to her was working—she wouldn't dare stop it now.
That night, as she slept, a soothing warmth dripped down her body. She bolted upright, hand fumbling for a lamp that wasn't there. She lay in a yard she did not recognize, covered in blood. Next to her, a ravaged chicken coop, feathers and gore staining the ground.
She stumbled home before the city awoke to a new day. Under a scalding shower, she spit up blood, dreading the thought that this hadn't been her first hunt. In between heaving sobs, she prodded her abdomen, searching for where something might hide within.
She called Janjira but couldn't bring herself to reveal the horrors, instead telling her friend she'd been restlessly sleepwalking each night and needed someone to coax her back to bed. Janjira agreed to help.
That morning, Burong awoke to Janjira's hand lovingly placed on her cheek. As she looked up, she choked on her cries. Janjira's severed hand fell from the bed, landing on her disembowelled carcass.
For hours, she sat beside her friend's remains in a state of silent shock. Janjira was dead and for what?
When she couldn't stand the smell of blood any longer, she grabbed cleaning supplies. As the sun set, a deep stain remained on the carpet.
She walked through the streets until she reached Malai's home. Malai opened the door and, upon seeing Burong's eyes, immediately defended herself. She claimed she had committed no wrong—she had been cursed, and the only way to be rid of it was to pass it to someone else. She believed that Burong, in her desire for fame, could withstand the torment and achieve what she'd always wanted.
Anger stirred within Burong. She fell to the floor as furious heat spilled over her. Malai stared in horror while Burong dug nails into her own skin, ripping at the burning agony. As she tore chunks of flesh from her neck, her entrails wriggled inside. Her head tore free from her body, a long string of organ dragging behind like fish slapping against the shore.
A seething hunger took over as Burong's disembodied head lifted into the air. It swooped at Malai, ravenously mutilating the woman until nothing remained but blood, hair, and bone. Burong awoke to the mess, unable to find the sympathy to shed a single tear.
She returned home, allowing her thoughts to swirl until the room filled with light.
The director's voice cut through the haze that had settled on her mind. He offered her the leading role. Burong fell to her bed and cried, not from sadness, but from relief and elation.
During the evenings on the Bangkok stage, her star shined bright. At night, she fed the creature within, and together they thrived in a world of hunger and song. But the creature always wanted more and one night it was presented just that—a promise of meat, hung on hooks, dripping with tantalizing blood.
The Krasue comes with 3 Perks that are unique to her:
Creates a Hex Totem that curses the farthest Generator from its location:
"From salvation's ruin, be warned/death comes from all around." — Giovanni Serrata's "Fog Hill"
Whenever you hook a Survivor for the first time, Ravenous gains +1 Token , up to a maximum of 4 Tokens . Once you accumulate 4 Tokens , all Survivors suffer from the following effects:
Whenever you start chasing a Survivor, Wandering Eye triggers the following effect:
"A drop does not satiate/when a river is needed." — Elliot Campbell's "Grandeur of Samuel"
Prestiging The Krasue will automatically add Tier I of her Unique Perks to the inventories of all other Killers and unlock the ability for their higher-tiered versions to spawn in their Bloodweb .
Prestige The Krasue twice more to automatically add Tier II and Tier III respectively into the other Killers' inventories.
The Larb Knife is the Primary Weapon of The Krasue . The violent killings were a necessity that she accepted in return for the fame she deserved.
SPECIAL ABILITY: CORPOREAL WEAVE The Krasue can shift between Body Form and Head Form at will. Press the Secondary Power button to initiate a shift. SPECIAL SHAPE: BODY FORM The Krasue always starts the Trial in this state:
SPECIAL SHAPE: HEAD FORM This Form provides The Krasue with the following effects and abilities:
SPECIAL AFFLICTION: LEECHED Hitting Survivors with a Leeching Gland or the Intestinal Whip fills their Leech Meter , indicated on their HUD portrait. Once the meter is full at 100 Charges , affected Survivors suffer from Leeched I :
If Survivors afflicted with Leeched I passively fill the Leech Meter a second time, they will suffer from Leeched II :
SPECIAL ABILITY: REGURGITATE While in Body Form , press and hold the Power button to initiate the Charge Regurgitate interaction. Releasing the Power button will cancel it. Press the Attack button when fully charged to spew a Leeching Gland :
Regurgitate has a cool-down of 2.5 seconds . SPECIAL ABILITY: HEADLONG FLIGHT While in Head Form , with the Power Gauge filled to at least 25 % , press and hold the Power button to speed through the air at 7.0 m/s :
SPECIAL ATTACK: INTESTINAL WHIP While in Head Form , press the Attack button to lash out with your internal organs:
SPECIAL ITEM: GLOWING FUNGUS The Glowing Fungus can be found randomly throughout the environment.
The Trial starts with 5 Glowing Fungi located throughout the environment, with a maximum of 6 able to exist at the same time. Glowing Fungi spawn under the following conditions, up to that limit:
Modifies the Glowing Fungus with the following effect:
Whenever you hook a Survivor afflicted with Leeched , you benefit from the following effect:
Modifies Headlong Flight with the following effect:
Modifies Regurgitate with the following effect:
Modifies the Glowing Fungus with the following effect:
Successfully hitting a Survivor with a Leeching Gland triggers the following effect:
Modifies the Glowing Fungus with the following effect:
Modifies the Glowing Fungus with the following effect:
Modifies the Leech Meter with the following effects:
Modifies Headlong Flight with the following effect:
Modifies Headlong Flight with the following effects:
Whenever a Generator is completed, Janjira's Hand triggers its primary effects:
Once the Exit Gates are powered, Spattered Handkerchief triggers the following effects:
Successfully hitting a Survivor not currently afflicted with Leeched with an Intestinal Whip attack triggers the following effect:
Survivors afflicted with Leeched also suffer from the following effects:
Modifies Regurgitate with the following effect:
Successfully hitting a Survivor with an Intestinal Whip attack triggers the following effect:
Modifies Regurgitate with the following effect:
Modifies Unbodied Flesh with the following effects:
Unlocks potential in your Aura-reading ability while using Corporeal Weave :
There are 2 Achievements related to The Krasue :
Whenever you hook a Survivor for the first time, Ravenous gains +1 Token , up to a maximum of 4 Tokens . Once you accumulate 4 Tokens , all Survivors suffer from the following effects:
Whenever you start chasing a Survivor, Wandering Eye triggers the following effect:
"A drop does not satiate/when a river is needed." — Elliot Campbell's "Grandeur of Samuel"
Creates a Hex Totem that curses the farthest Generator from its location:
"From salvation's ruin, be warned/death comes from all around." — Giovanni Serrata's "Fog Hill"
Players can choose from a variety of Cosmetic options to customise The Krasue :
She went into her audition with the grace and confidence that the curse bestowed upon her.
She went into her audition with the grace and confidence that the curse bestowed upon her.
She went into her audition with the grace and confidence that the curse bestowed upon her.
She went into her audition with the grace and confidence that the curse bestowed upon her.
Her rival stole a role that was meant for her. It was clearly politics at play.
Her rival stole a role that was meant for her. It was clearly politics at play.
Her rival stole a role that was meant for her. It was clearly politics at play.
As her career reached new heights, she had a weekend to relax, explore, and find some kind of normality.
As her career reached new heights, she had a weekend to relax, explore, and find some kind of normality.
Her ethereal voice thrilled the crowd as she took the stage in her leading role.
These changes were made between the PTB and the release version of Patch 9.2.0 :


--- https://deadbydaylight.wiki.gg/wiki/Animatronic ---

William Afton or "The Animatronic" , also known as " Springtrap ", is one of 42 Killers currently featured in Dead by Daylight .
He was introduced as the Killer of CHAPTER 36: Five Nights at Freddy's , a Chapter DLC released on 17 June 2025.
He originates from the Video Game Franchise Five Nights at Freddy's , specifically Five Nights at Freddy's 3 (2015) .
The Animatronic always comes back.
His personal Perks, Help Wanted , Phantom Fear , and Haywire , help him compromise Generators , make Survivors scream, and regress Exit Gate Switches .
Deep within the abandoned Freddy Fazbear's Pizza, William Afton ran from the ghosts of his victims. He frantically put on his beloved Spring Bonnie costume, the disguise he wore while committing his heinous crimes, to hide from the pursuing spirits.
But fate had different plans for Afton. Something activated the springlocks within the Spring Bonnie costume. Metal clamped against metal, piercing the murderer and trapping him in his costume. As he screamed, the checkerboard floor rose up to meet him, and everything went black.
Thus was Springtrap born: from the death of a murderer.
He awoke to a familiar sound, his body a pillar of agony. The ghosts that had tormented him were gone. The walls surrounding him were decomposing, the floor beneath him failing away in mouldy patches. How much time had transpired since the springlocks tore through his body and fixed him within his costume? The urge to kill lingered within him still, the thirst long left unquenched.
The sound filled his ears again, Children`s laughter. Were children playing in the kitchen? Springtrap rose to his feet, adjusting to his new body, and marched towards the sounds.
He picked up speed as he moved. Walking turned to running. He rushed into the kitchen and found,
No children, no games, no laughter. Just a swirling mass of black fog enveloping the far wall.
Springtrap examined the fog. Curiosity tightened his grip on him as he stared into the darkness, his distended eyes could see shapes emerge within the fog.
Who were they? It didn`t matter. They were his victims now. Somehow, he knew the hunt could go on forever.
All he had to do was step into the fog.
The Animatronic comes with 3 Perks that are unique to him:
Whenever a Survivor stops opening an Exit Gate after accumulating at least 80 % Progression towards being opened, Haywire causes it to regress:
After performing the Damage Generator action, Help Wanted activates:
Whenever a Survivor within your Terror Radius looks at you, they suffer from the following effects:
"Excellent. Your screams please me." — Springtrap
Prestiging The Animatronic will automatically add Tier I of his Unique Perks to the inventories of all other Killers and unlock the ability for their higher-tiered versions to spawn in their Bloodweb .
Prestige The Animatronic twice more to automatically add Tier II and Tier III respectively into the other Killers' inventories.
The Pizza Knife is the Primary Weapon of The Animatronic . Death was not the end. He was born anew, driven to continue his killing spree.
"The Animatronic lived to kill, even when his mechanical costume became his tomb." SPECIAL ABILITY: FAZBEAR'S FRIGHT The Animatronic is armed with a Fire Axe , that he can throw, and causes 7 Security Doors to spawn in the environment. SPECIAL ABILITY: FIRE AXE Press and hold the Power button to initiate Ready Aim . Press the Attack button to throw the Fire Axe or release the Power button to cancel the Power. If the Fire Axe hits a Survivor, the Survivor is damaged for one health state, and, if Healthy, has the Fire Axe embedded into them. Survivors with an embedded Fire Axe are inflicted with the Broken and Oblivious Status Effects . If the Fire Axe hits the environment, the Fire Axe becomes embedded and creates an Area of Effect of 2 metres around it. Any Survivors caught inside the area are revealed by Killer Instinct . If the Fire Axe hits a Security Door , the door becomes disabled for all Survivors until the Fire Axe is removed. SPECIAL INTERACTION: RECLAIM AXE While the Fire Axe is off cool-down, press the Secondary Power button to retrieve the Fire Axe . SPECIAL INTERACTION: GRAB AXE Press the Power button while infront of a Survivor with an embedded Fire Axe to perform a special sequence that instantly carries the Survivor and returns the Fire Axe to The Animatronic . SPECIAL MAP FEATURE: SECURITY SYSTEM The Security Doors found in the enviroment can be accessed by both Survivors and The Animatronic . Upon entering a Security Door , The Animatronic benefits from the following effect:
SPECIAL INTERACTION: CAMERA VIEW Each Security Door has a Camera attached to it. Interacting with the door gives a Survivor access to the Camera View , allowing them to cycle through every Camera :
SPECIAL MECHANIC: BATTERY POWER Using the Cameras and Security Doors will drain the battery power. Fully depleting the battery power shuts down the Security System for 45 seconds , forcing Survivors to wait until the system reboots. The Animatronic may travel between doors with or without battery power. SPECIAL LOCATION: SECURITY ROOM If The Animatronic enters a Security Door , they may choose to exit from any other door in the environment. Moving to a door already in use by a Survivor will cause The Animatronic to grab that Survivor.
While removing the Fire Axe embedded in them, the Survivor suffers from the following effect:
While winding up an axe throw, you benefit from the following effect:
While retrieving the Fire Axe whenever it is embedded in the environment, you benefit from the following effect:
You benefit from the following effect:
While within 24 metres of the Survivor embedded with the Fire Axe , the following primary effects are applied to other Survivors:
Additionally, if they are in the Injured State , they also suffer from the secondary effect:
While the Fire Axe is embedded in the environment, the following effects apply:
Survivors hit with the Fire Axe suffer from the following effects:
Upon exiting a Security Door after teleporting to it, the following effect applies:
While travelling through the Security Doors , you benefit from the following effect:
Unlocks potential in your Aura-reading ability while moving between Security Doors :
While inside the Area of Effect of the Fire Axe , Survivors suffer from the following effect:
While inside the Area of Effect of the Fire Axe , Players benefit from the following effect:
Modifies the trajectory of the Fire Axe :
While a Survivor has the Fire Axe embedded in them, whenever they perform a Rushed action of any kind, Purple Guy Drawing triggers its primary effect:
Unlocks a special ability for the Fire Axe :
After embedding the Fire Axe in a Survivor, all Players benefit from the following effects while within 32 metres of that Survivor:
While inside the Area of Effect of the embedded Fire Axe , you benefit from the following effect:
While a Survivor has the Fire Axe embedded in them, they suffer from the following effect:
Upon throwing the Fire Axe , the following effects are applied:
Upon travelling to a Security Door , the following effect is applied to it:
There are 2 Achievements related to The Animatronic :
After performing the Damage Generator action, Help Wanted activates:
Whenever a Survivor within your Terror Radius looks at you, they suffer from the following effects:
"Excellent. Your screams please me." — Springtrap
Whenever a Survivor stops opening an Exit Gate after accumulating at least 80 Progression towards being opened, Haywire causes it to regress:
Players can choose from a variety of Cosmetic options to customise The Animatronic :
He emerged from the depths of corrosive despair, radiating a newfound evil.
As the fog settled, he felt himself take on a form he did not recognize.
A mascot from the machine. A virtual manifestation of evil made flesh in the Entity's Realm.
As he was dragged away by his own creations, a black fog took hold and dragged him somewhere else entirely.
The serum coursed through man and machine, coming to life as it touched the rotting tissue.
The Animatronic has 2 alternate Character models available in the in-game Store:
The Animatronic is part of 1 DLC:


--- https://deadbydaylight.wiki.gg/wiki/Ghoul ---

Ken Kaneki or "The Ghoul" is one of 42 Killers currently featured in Dead by Daylight .
He was introduced as the Killer of CHAPTER 35: Tokyo Ghoul , a Chapter DLC released on 2 April 2025.
He originates from the 2011 Manga and its 2014 Anime adaptation of the same name, Tokyo Ghoul .
The Ghoul has been pushed to his limits and he's hungry for more.
His personal Perks, Hex: Nothing but Misery , Forever Entwined , and None Are Free , help him to Hinder Survivors, hook them more quickly, and block Windows and Pallets when all Generators are completed.
Ken Kaneki was a gentle and kind-hearted boy who lived a simple life, studying literature at Kamii University, before a chance encounter turned his life upside down.
He and his friend Hide frequented the café Anteiku, where one of the regulars caught his eye: Rize Kamishiro. She shared his passion for reading, and he spotted her even reading the same novel as him. He worked up the courage to ask her on a date. While walking her home, Rize showed her true colors: those of a ghoul known as The Binge Eater. She feasted on his flesh, nearly killing him, until a freak construction accident caused her demise, and nearly caused his as well.
To save his life, doctors transplanted Rize's organs into Kaneki. He survived the surgery, but something was wrong... food lost its flavor, and strange cravings dogged him. The life-saving surgery had made him part-ghoul.
Confused and afraid, he followed his instincts into an alleyway where he ran into Touka Kirishima, one of the staff members at Anteiku. Shocked at his transformation, she brought him back to the café. He was surprised to learn that the staff at Anteiku were ghouls. They took him under his wing, helping him adapt to his new reality. He learned how to fight with his newfound powers, how to deal with his urges to kill and eat human flesh, and how to stay one step ahead of the CCG. His adaptation to his new life was cruelly interrupted when he was kidnapped and subjected to unprecedented physical and mental torture at the hands of a particularly cruel ghoul named Jason. His captor's exercises of control and profound violence were so diabolical that they broke Kaneki's mind, stripped him of what once made him human. His sense of self was shattered, and Rize stepped into the empty space, encouraging him to take control in his own life.
And control is what he took, paying back Jason's violence in kind. He broke free and battled his captor. The torture made him numb to pain, and his shattered psyche left him no space for hesitation. He defeated Jason after a short battle, and he devoured him.
He had been dragged into a nightmare a tormented boy, but he walked out a powerful ghoul. He considered what this would mean as he pushed his way through the heavy doors, and barely noticed as a black fog pooled around his feet. He walked out, confident that the torture was over. But as he observed his surroundings, he realized that perhaps it had only begun.
The Ghoul comes with 3 Perks that are unique to him:
Whenever a Survivors takes damage, Forever Entwined gains +1 Token , up to a maximum of 6 / 7 / 8 Tokens :
After damaging Survivors a total of 8 times with Basic Attacks , a random Dull Totem becomes a Hex Totem , cursing all Survivors:
"All of the liabilities of this world are due to the inadequacies of the person involved." — Ken Kaneki
Whenever you hook a Survivor for the first time, None Are Free gains +1 Token , up to a maximum of 4 Tokens . Once all Generators are completed, None Are Free calls upon The Entity to trigger the following effect:
Prestiging The Ghoul will automatically add Tier I of his Unique Perks to the inventories of all other Killers and unlock the ability for their higher-tiered versions to spawn in their Bloodweb .
Prestige The Ghoul twice more to automatically add Tier II and Tier III respectively into the other Killers' inventories.
SPECIAL ABILITY: ONE-EYED TERROR The Ghoul starts the Trial with 2 Tokens . SPECIAL ABILITY: KAGUNE LEAP Press and hold the Power button to charge a Kagune Leap , while aiming the reticule at any vertical surface or Survivor within 14 metres . Press the Attack button to initiate a Kagune Leap , consuming -1 Token , or release the Power button to cancel it:
After performing a Kagune Leap , if there is still a Power Token available, a window of opportunity opens for 5 seconds :
Kagune Leap automatically enters its cool-down after any of the following:
During the cool-down, Kagune Leap recharges all consumed Power Tokens at a speed of 4 seconds per Token. The Power only becomes available again after fully recharging all Tokens.
If Kagune Leap is not already on cool-down, breaking a Pallet causes it to enter a forced cool-down equivalent to 1 Power Token. SPECIAL INTERACTION: TARGETING SURVIVORS & SURVIVOR COLLISION Targeting a Survivor directly or colliding with them at any point during a Kagune Leap has multiple possible effects and interactions:
SPECIAL ATTACK: GRAB-ATTACK While the Grab-Attack occurs automatically when the conditions are met, it features an optional button prompt QTE:
The Grab-Attack applies the following effects to the targeted Survivor:
After performing a Grab-Attack , The Ghoul enters Enraged Mode . SPECIAL AFFLICTION: KAGUNE MARK Fully Mending or entering the Dying State removes the Kagune Mark for that Survivor.
Marked Survivors cannot be injured by Grab-Attacks , but still suffer its other effects. SPECIAL MODE: ENRAGED MODE While in this mode, The Ghoul is granted these following effects:
Enraged Mode remains active for as long as there is at least one Survivor with the Kagune Mark or if the Countdown is active. SPECIAL INTERACTION: COUNTDOWN Once the last marked Survivor removes their Kagune Mark , the Countdown triggers and is indicated on their HUD Portrait.
The Countdown lasts for 40 seconds , after which Enraged Mode ends. Performing a perfectly timed Grab-Attack increases its duration to 50 seconds .
Collision Detection: Each given value works in tandem with one another to achieve one goal: calculating the duration of a Leap in real-time.
Hinder Effect: This Hinder Status Effect has a unique property which prevents Survivors from performing Actions.
Survivors affected by the Kagune Mark experience the following effect while carrying it:
While aiming Mid-Leap , you benefit from the following effect:
Whenever a Generator is completed while in Enraged Mode , you benefit from the following effect:
Survivors affected by the Kagune Mark experience the following effect after it is removed:
Survivors hit with a Basic Attack while in Enraged Mode inflicts the following effect:
Upon entering Enraged Mode , you benefit from the following effect:
Performing a Kagune Leap Vault action triggers the following effect:
Performing a Vault action while in Enraged Mode triggers the following effect:
Whenever Enraged Mode ends, you benefit from the following effect:
Unlocks potential in the third consecutive Kagune Leap while in Enraged Mode :
Hooking a Survivor while in Enraged Mode triggers the following effect:
There are 2 Achievements related to The Ghoul :
After damaging Survivors a total of 8 times with Basic Attacks , a random Dull Totem becomes a Hex Totem , cursing all Survivors:
"All of the liabilities of this world are due to the inadequacies of the person involved." — Ken Kaneki
Whenever a Survivors takes damage, Forever Entwined gains +1 Token , up to a maximum of 6 / 7 / 8 Tokens :
Whenever you hook a Survivor for the first time, None Are Free gains +1 Token , up to a maximum of 4 Tokens . Once all Generators are completed, None Are Free calls upon The Entity to trigger the following effect:
Players can choose from a variety of Cosmetic options to customise The Ghoul :
The tattered rags Kaneki wore while suffering Yamori’s torture.
The ghoul that changed Kaneki’s life forever.
The Ghoul has 1 alternate Character model available in the in-game Store:


--- https://deadbydaylight.wiki.gg/wiki/Houndmaster ---

Portia Maye or "The Houndmaster" is one of 42 Killers currently featured in Dead by Daylight .
She was introduced as the Killer of CHAPTER 34: Doomed Course , a Chapter DLC that released on 28 November 2024.
The Houndmaster is a force to be feared, with an equally fearsome dog at her side.
Her personal Perks, All-Shaking Thunder , Scourge Hook: Jagged Compass , and No Quarter , help her increase her lunge attack distance, create scourge hooks, and overwhelm Survivors with healing Skill Checks.
Portia Maye's father helped found a prosperous settlement of sailors and merchants on an uncharted island in the Caribbean. They called their port town Fortune and created a vast trading network which exposed Portia to cultures and knowledge from around the world. As a sailor and lover of stories, Portia's father read her the Arabian Nights, Shakespeare and Greek mythology, and he instructed her in sailing and celestial navigation. To be sure, he instilled within her a love for adventure so that she always wanted to travel with him.
Once she accompanied her father on a trip to Italy where he traded sugar and silver for rare silks and spices. There they also acquired a litter of Corso puppies which her father said they would train as hunting dogs for Fortune's yearly hunting games. He also mentioned she could keep the strongest of the litter for her upcoming twelfth birthday. She named the pups Caeser, King, Shah, Athena, and the runt of the bunch-Snug. But before she could begin their training, a violent storm pushed Nightsdream off course into an area controlled by freebooters.
Desperately, her father tried to steer the ship to safety, but the dreaded Mad Molak attacked them with his ships and took Nightsdream quickly. Those who survived the initial attack were pitted against each other in vicious fights that Molak and his crew would wager on. The brigand promised that the last man standing would be let go.
When Portia's father refused to participate, the most vicious of Molak's men, his son, Tariq, tortured him for hours and finally-
Keeping Portia alive to get past Fortune's outer defenses, Molak and Tariq returned to their sloop and left a skeleton crew on Nightsdream. Portia would lead them into Fortune and, once inside, Molak and his raiders would attack, pillage and burn their beloved town to the ground.
Using her skills in celestial navigation, Portia led them off-course through an area that many claimed to be cursed. Known as the Dragon's Tooth, some believed the area bled into the dark malignant domain of some ineffable evil where monsters roamed. Portia hoped to lead Molak to his doom and if she perished in the effort, so be it.
As she approached the Dragon's Tooth, dark clouds accumulated, and a cold black fog surrounded them. Sheets of rain fell, and a fierce wind roared down on the ship, creating black mountains that crashed over the mast.
Instantly, Molak and his ship turned away from the storm and left her to perish. But Portia refused to surrender as Nightsdream plowed through the thick fog and lightning. Her heart thundered in her chest as the ship creaked and groaned and slowly capsized. The last thing she saw before the ocean swallowed her whole was the silhouette of a giant tentacle crashing down on them.
Portia opened her blurry eyes to see Snug staring down at her. He licked her face and barked for her to get up. Blinking the saltwater out of her eyes, she pushed her aching and bruised body from the ground but collapsed onto the strange purple sand. She had never seen anything like it before.
With difficulty, she gathered herself, stood, and turned to face the runt. Snug barked twice and began sniffing the ground, leading her to a cluster of coconuts and purple seaweed. She dried out the seaweed, cracked the coconuts, and ate on the rocks, quietly listening to creatures she had never heard before and suddenly realized-
They were marooned on an island in the Dragon's Tooth.
They were in a strange world, an in-between world, a world her father had once described as a living nightmare that tortured the mind and played with the heart. And as she listened to these strange new sounds, she suddenly saw Molak everywhere.
Instinctively, Portia closed her eyes and shrieked and only stopped when Snug jumped into her lap, returning her to the moment with a crescendo of barks.
Over the years, Portia survived on whatever washed ashore as she battled the predators that stalked the island. Ferocious animals, vicious humans, and savage abominations not of this world. Snug now weighed over a hundred pounds and followed Portia everywhere. Together they made a daunting pair and most of the survivors on the island kept their distance. The few who didn't lived to regret it if they lived at all. And just when she was about to give up on the idea of escaping, she spotted an impossible thing while searching the beach for Snug. To her disbelief, she saw-
Nightsdream drifting offshore in the cold, black fog.
She knew better than to doubt or question anything on this island. With a whistle she entered the water but was suddenly attacked by a group of castaways. In her mind, she slaughtered Molak fifty times and spared only those she needed to crew her ship. Together they spent days searching for Snug, but he was nowhere to be found. He was-
Gone, as if he had never been-as if he had only been a figment of her imagination.
For decades Portia terrorized the Caribbean as she searched for Molak. She only attacked freebooters, taking their gold and torturing them sadistically to satiate some intangible darkness living within her. A darkness like a parasite that demanded blood until it had its fill.
On the occasions Portia couldn't appease its hunger, the parasite would squeeze her mind with its deadly talons, crushing reason and reality until she would see Molak's face on every crewmember. She would attack and butcher everyone and anyone until one of her many trusted guard dogs barked for her to stop and-
Molak would suddenly dematerialize into wisps of black fog.
Terrified, the crew knew it was just a matter of time before her madness turned against them. And so, even when they finally located Molak, they conspired to mutiny.
But they had underestimated their captain.
By the time Portia was through with them there were only five left standing in a pool of blood and gore. They instantly threw themselves on her mercy as her dogs surrounded them waiting for the kill command that never came.
Destroying Molak would take more hands than she possessed. Gathering her wits, she ordered the mutineers to clean up the deck and feed her dogs as she steered Nightsdream toward Mad Molak's Island.
Molak himself was out on the high seas, but Portia's crew captured Tariq and locked him up in preparation for his father's return.
When Molak returned, he found the island deserted apart from a woman offering chests of gold and jewels. She claimed she wanted to join Molak's crew and had prepared an amazing feast for him and his men. Not recognizing her, Molak accepted the treasure and asked about Tariq. She smiled and assured him his son would be joining them for dinner.
Portia served Molak an elaborate meal and he drank and ate with gusto. The meat was especially good, roasted crisp and black on the outside and pink and juicy on the inside. He wanted to know if it was wild boar or venison.
Portia smiled, stood proudly and reached over the table and lifted a golden food cover to reveal Tariq's decapitated, glazed head frozen in a scream of terror, the mouth vomiting bullion and jewels.
Molak roared his anguish like a wounded bull, and she reveled in his torment as a thick black fog rose from the floor like a black veil. But before she could strike Molak down, something unseen jerked him backward into the darkness.
At once her laughter died. Lips curled with mingled panic and rage. Veins in her neck stood out in livid ridges. Talons gripped her mind and squeezed and refused to let go. He was gone! Gone! Gone before she could stomp his head into a bloody pulp.
Unintelligible words fumbled out of her mouth and degenerated into a guttural rasp. And just as she was about to scream, she heard the impossible. A bark. A bark she hadn't heard in years.
Not trying to understand what could not be understood, she charged into the fog to finish what she started with her long, lost friend.
The Houndmaster comes with 3 Perks that are unique to her:
After falling from a height, All-Shaking Thunder activates for 15 / 20 / 25 seconds :
"Go on. Run. Tell your friends I'm coming for them." — Portia Maye
Whenever a Survivor healing themselves by any means reaches 75 % Healing Progress, No Quarter triggers its effect:
"Fire another broadside! Don't stop until the sea takes them!" — Portia Maye
At the start of the Trial, 4 Hooks in the environment are changed into Scourge Hooks :
Whenever a Survivor is unhooked from a normal Hook , the following effect applies:
"Drop anchor! I will chart us a new course." — Portia Maye
Prestiging The Houndmaster will automatically add Tier I of her Unique Perks to the inventories of all other Killers and unlock the ability for their higher-tiered versions to spawn in their Bloodweb .
Prestige The Houndmaster twice more to automatically add Tier II and Tier III respectively into the other Killers' inventories.
The Deadly Cane is the Primary Weapon of The Houndmaster . Her desire for revenge went unfulfilled, as her father's killer disappeared into the darkness.
"The Houndmaster and her dog operate as one. Her commands are followed without question or delay." SPECIAL COMPANION: THE DOG The Houndmaster sees the Aura of The Dog at all times. SPECIAL INTERACTION: PET DOG Press the Interaction button while standing near The Dog to pet it. SPECIAL INTERACTION: SWITCH COMMAND Press the Secondary Power button to switch between the Chase Command and the Search Command . SPECIAL ABILITY: CHASE Press and hold the Power button to initiate the Chase Command , charting the Chase Path in front of you that The Dog will follow: Press the Attack button to send The Dog out at high speed or release the Power button to cancel the ability.
The Chase Command has a cool-down of 3 seconds . SPECIAL ABILITY: REDIRECT CHASE Press the Power button after sending out The Dog to temporarily take possession of it: Press the Attack button to redirect the Chase Path or press the Secondary Power button to cancel the redirect altogether. SPECIAL INTERACTION: DOG GRAB When The Dog comes across a Survivor in its path, it pounces and grabs onto them:
The Grabbed Survivor can fight against the pull by moving in opposite directions and potentially steer The Dog towards nearby Pallets .
The Grabbed Survivor can free themselves sooner by stunning The Dog or being rescued by another Survivor interacting with it:
If the Grabbed Survivor is released without injury by any means, they continue to suffer from the Hindered Status Effect for another 5 seconds .
If The Dog collides with a vaulting Survivor while trying to grab them, the Survivor receives damage. SPECIAL ABILITY: SEARCH Press and hold the Power button to initiate the Search Command :
Press the Attack button to send The Dog out along a Search Path towards the Target Location or release the Power button to cancel the ability.
While searching, The Dog has its own Lullaby of 32 metres and uses its Houndsense to locate nearby Survivors:
SPECIAL EFFECT: HOUNDSENSE Survivors affected by Houndsense are highlighted to The Houndmaster in bright red and experience either of the following effects:
Slipstream: The mechanic that unlocks a Movement Speed after walking along the Search Path is internally referred to as Slipstream . Walking along the Search Path grants The Houndmaster so-called Slipstream points at a given rate per travelled metre. Once she reaches a specific threshold, she is granted the Movement Speed bonus.
Dog (Search Command - Taunting): This is an unused feature for the Search Command
Any Survivor that is inside the Search Command' s radius while The Dog is lingering at the Search Command s destination will be considered "taunting". Spending enough time inside the radius would cause The Dog to attack the taunting Survivor with a fast attack, internally referred to as Pounce .
This never happens since the Search Command destination linger time never lasts long enough for the taunt to fully charge:
Whenever a Generator is completed, Leather Harness triggers its effect for 30 seconds :
Marlinspike does not affect the Grabbed Survivor .
The Terror Radius of The Houndmaster changes based on the proximity of The Dog :
"I fear no obstacle, be it man or storm." — Portia Maye
While possessing The Dog during the Chase Command to access the Redirect Chase ability, the following effect applies:
There are 2 Achievements related to The Houndmaster :
After falling from a height, All-Shaking Thunder activates for 15 / 20 / 25 seconds :
"Go on. Run. Tell your friends I'm coming for them." — Portia Maye
At the start of the Trial, 4 Hooks in the environment are changed into Scourge Hooks :
Whenever a Survivor is unhooked from a normal Hook , the following effect applies:
"Drop anchor! I will chart us a new course." — Portia Maye
Whenever a Survivor healing themselves by any means reaches 75 Healing Progress, No Quarter triggers its effect:
"Fire another broadside! Don't stop until the sea takes them!" — Portia Maye
Players can choose from a variety of Cosmetic options to customise The Houndmaster :
She chose only the best and cruelest for her crew. They served her out of deep-seated fear.
She chose only the best and cruelest for her crew. They served her out of deep-seated fear.
She chose only the best and cruelest for her crew. They served her out of deep-seated fear.
She chose only the best and cruelest for her crew. They served her out of deep-seated fear.
She sailed into the dark fog and was shipwrecked on an otherworldly island.
She sailed into the dark fog and was shipwrecked on an otherworldly island.
She sailed into the dark fog and was shipwrecked on an otherworldly island.
Rumors spread in the wake of her high-seas campaigns, desperate warnings of an unstoppable force.
Rumors spread in the wake of her high-seas campaigns, desperate warnings of an unstoppable force.
Memories of her time in the Dragon's Tooth became twisted, playing out in her mind differently than she remembered.
The man was trapped in an iron cage on the side of the boat, while the crew stood in a line.
She formed a natural bond with each of her dogs, of which there were many.
The Houndmaster is part of 1 DLC:


--- https://deadbydaylight.wiki.gg/wiki/Dark_Lord ---

Vlad Tepes Dracula or "The Dark Lord" is one of 42 Killers currently featured in Dead by Daylight .
He was introduced as the Killer of CHAPTER 33: Castlevania , a Chapter DLC released on 27 August 2024.
He originates from the Video Game Franchise Castlevania by Konami, specifically Castlevania: Symphony of the Night (1997).
The Dark Lord, Dracula , is the embodiment of darkness and tragedy.
His personal Perks, Hex: Wretched Fate , Human Greed , and Dominance , allow him to slow the Repair speed of the Obsession , reveal the Auras of unopened Chests and nearby Survivors, and temporarily block Chests and Totems .
Inconsolable grief metamorphosed into madness after the death of Dracula's beloved. He sought out the fabled Crimson Stone as a way to cheat death, but death trapped his soul inside the stone, granting him eternal life as a vampire. Vlad Tepes Dracula was now the Dark Lord. He slept by day and hunted in the eventide, seeking out the living and stealing their lifeblood. He built a castle in Romania shielded with sinister magic and turned many of the local villagers into the living dead. Dracula's Castle became a symbol of terror and despair. His power seemed unassailable and many perished trying to defeat him as he sowed endless chaos, suffering, and death.
In 1476 Trevor Belmont of the Belmont Clan ended Dracula's reign with the Vampire Killer. But the undead never stay dead for long and Dracula was resurrected more than once over the centuries to continue his quest for revenge.
Last resurrected in 1999, Dracula raised an army of the undead. It took another descendant of the Belmont Clan to defeat him: Julius Belmont. In the savage clash - known as the Battle of 1999, Julius Belmont took the fight to Dracula's Castle and battled the Dark Lord with the same enchanted whip his distant ancestors wielded. Most believe Dracula suffered a true death. A final death. But Dracula didn't die that night. As the Vampire Killer tore the flesh from his bones, a strange fog rolled across the ancient stone floor. Dracula felt the icy fingers of something or someone beckoning him. The Fog engulfed him and transported him to a place where he could continue his dark vengeance against humanity.
The table below lists additional Lore about The Dark Lord from The Archives , either from Tomes that featured him or from individual Lore entries that mentioned him:
The Dark Lord comes with 3 Perks that are unique to him:
The first time each Chest and each Totem are interacted with by a Survivor, Dominance triggers its effect:
After a Generator is completed, Hex: Wretched Fate activates and lights a random Dull Totem , cursing the Obsession :
Grants the ability to kick opened Chests and close them.
"Come running, one and all, and see what fortune awaits you." — Dracula
Prestiging The Dark Lord will automatically add Tier I of his Unique Perks to the inventories of all other Killers and unlock the ability for their higher-tiered versions to spawn in their Bloodweb .
Prestige The Dark Lord twice more to automatically add Tier II and Tier III respectively into the other Killers' inventories.
Pale Claws are the Primary Weapon of The Dark Lord . All he needed to make quick work of his prey were his bare hands.
"His dark power allows him to exact revenge on humans, taking many forms to terrorise and slaughter them." SPECIAL ABILITY: SHAPESHIFT The Dark Lord has access to 3 Forms and can freely change between them. Each Form has unique abilities and strengths.
Press and hold the Secondary Action button in any Form to initialise a Shapeshift :
Regardless of his current Form , The Dark Lord is always able to interact with Props, temporarily shifting into a ghostly husk of his Vampire Form during the interaction, if necessary. SPECIAL SHAPE: VAMPIRE FORM The default Form of The Dark Lord .
SPECIAL SHAPE: WOLF FORM This Form provides The Dark Lord with access to several abilities that allow for more effective tracking:
SPECIAL SHAPE: BAT FORM This Form provides The Dark Lord with access to several abilities that allow for greater stealth and mobility:
SPECIAL ATTACK: HELLFIRE SPELL While in Vampire Form , press and hold the Power button for 0.9 seconds to charge the Hellfire Spell . Releasing the Power button will cancel it. Press the Attack button when fully charged to release 8 Pillars of Flame that travel in a straight line from the The Dark Lord with a range of 10 metres . The Pillars of Flame can pass over low obstacles.
The Hellfire Spell has a cool-down of 9.5 seconds . SPECIAL ATTACK: POUNCE While in Wolf Form , press and hold the Power button for 0.9 seconds to charge a Pounce attack that is automatically executed once fully charged:
The Pounce attack has a cool-down of 20 seconds . SPECIAL LOCOMOTION: TELEPORT While in Bat Form , press and hold the Power button to ready a Teleport . Press the Attack button while aiming at any dropped Pallet or any Window within 2 to 32 metres to teleport to it, travelling at 12 m/s .
The Teleport ability has a cool-down of 15 seconds .
Bat Form: While Survivors are invisible in this Form , Static Illusions created by Perks such as Mirrored Illusion remain visible, immediately betraying their trickery nature.
Modifies the Scent Orbs with the following effect:
Modifies the Shapeshift ability with the following effect:
Modifies the Hellfire attack with the following effect:
Modifies the Shapeshift ability with the following effect:
Modifies the Scent Orbs with the following effect:
Modifies the Teleport ability with the following effect:
Modifies the Vampire Form and the Wolf Form with the following effect:
Modifies Wolf Form with the following effect:
Modifies the Teleport ability with the following effect:
Modifies the Scent Orbs with the following effect:
Modifies the Pounce attack with the following effect:
Modifies the Teleport ability with the following effect:
Modifies the Hellfire attack with the following effects:
Whenever you break a Pallet , Sylph Feather gains +1 Token , up to a maximum of 5 Tokens :
Whenever a Generator is completed, Cube of Zoe triggers its effect for 10 seconds :
After teleporting to a Window , Lapis Lazuli triggers its effect:
Causes all Survivors within 8 metres of your Teleport destination to suffer from the following effect:
While in Wolf Form , whenever the Pounce attack becomes available, you benefit from the following effect:
Whenever an Exit Gate is opened, Alucard's Shield triggers its effect:
Modifies the Hellfire attack with the following effect:
Used exclusively in 2v8 Trials, the Innate Skill modifies the Vampiric Shift with the following effects:
There are 2 Achievements related to The Dark Lord :
After a Generator is completed, Hex: Wretched Fate activates and lights a random Dull Totem , cursing the Obsession :
Grants the ability to kick opened Chests and close them.
"Come running, one and all, and see what fortune awaits you." — Dracula
The first time each Chest and each Totem are interacted with by a Survivor, Dominance triggers its effect:
Players can choose from a variety of Cosmetic options to customise The Dark Lord :
The fight was in his favor. He summoned lightning overhead to deliver the fatal blow as black fog surrounded him.
The fight was all but over. He sought to prolong his victim's suffering when the black fog swarmed around him.
He knew he would never feel the sun's warmth again, lest he burn from its wrath.
His resurrection shattered the peace that had returned to Transylvania in his absence.
Revived by a devoted servant, he thirsted for blood like never before. He would need many victims to satisfy his craving.
The fight was in his favor. He summoned lightning overhead to deliver the fatal blow as black fog surrounded him.
The Dark Lord has 1 alternate Character model available in the in-game Store:
The Dark Lord is part of 1 DLC:


--- https://deadbydaylight.wiki.gg/wiki/Lich ---

Vecna or "The Lich" is one of 42 Killers currently featured in Dead by Daylight .
He was introduced as the Killer of CHAPTER 32: Dungeons & Dragons , a Chapter DLC released on 3 June 2024.
He originates from the 1974 Board game Dungeons & Dragons , specifically its fifth edition from 2014.
Few dare speak The Lich's true name, for fear that he may hear — or worse.
His personal Perks, Weave Attunement , Languid Touch , and Dark Arrogance , allow him to exploit used Items, exhaust those who disturb the Crows, and increase his Vaulting speed.
The Whispered One. Lord of the Rotted Tower. The Master of Secrets. Few dare speak his true name, for fear that he may hear — or worse.
Even as a young wizard, Vecna’s command of magic was matched by none. While others spent decades committing to and perfecting one school of magic, he effortlessly mastered each one of them. After his mother’s execution for witchcraft, his focus became obsession as he pored the most of his study into the darkest school of magic—necromancy, the magic of life and death.
As his power grew, so did his ambition. Over the centuries, he shed his mortal shell and ascended to lichdom. His power gave rise to a great empire, ruled over from his Rotted Tower.
His thirst for dark knowledge to fill his Book of Vile Darkness led him to many realms and planes. But it was in his own realm one of his servants found something — a spell, perhaps, torn from an ancient tome — written in a language he had never seen. From it he could sense an incredible dark energy. Without any document of the language, he had to spend months painstakingly analysing its syntax, its phonetics, its form. He documented every stroke of every letter, scrutinising and theorising on their meanings, in a massive book hidden in his chambers. When his lieutenants came to him with problems in their domain, Vecna told them to deal with it themselves. He had more important matters to attend to.
Countless nights were spent memorizing the strange script, attempting to make it make sense. Only occasionally would he leave his keep to investigate rumours of people who had disappeared without a trace in the night. At these scenes, he could sense the same foreign magic that emanated from the torn page. He was convinced that whatever was killing these people had also written this strange script.
He was confounded, which made him furious. The scenes, few and far between, had no pattern, no common motive. No sign of struggle, no body, and only a lingering hum of dark energy. To what end did they need these bodies?
One dark night, he had a breakthrough: a word he had been interpreting as “dying” made more sense as “disappearing.” Perhaps these people were not being killed at all: perhaps they were being taken alive. He applied this substitution through his notes and everything seemed to fall into place.
He copied what he had learned to a fresh piece of parchment, written phonetically. He began to speak the words aloud and the room darkened. It filled with a creeping black fog. He felt himself displacing, going somewhere else. Vecna resisted, incanting memorised spells, holding the fog at bay. But as he gazed into the darkness, he felt that alluring energy from it; a despair, an evil he could scarcely imagine. A sick curiosity overcoming him, he dropped his concentration, and let the fog take him. Whatever it was, wherever it was, he understood that the only way to harness it was to submit to it. He knew, in his cold, unbeating heart, that its dark secrets would one day be his.
The Lich comes with 3 Perks that are unique to him:
Whenever you are vaulting a Window , you benefit from the following effect:
When a Survivor scares off a Crow within 36 metres of your location, Languid Touch activates:
"Submit to me. It is inevitable." — Vecna
Whenever an Item is depleted for the first time, it is automatically dropped:
Prestiging The Lich will automatically add Tier I of his Unique Perks to the inventories of all other Killers and unlock the ability for their higher-tiered versions to spawn in their Bloodweb .
Prestige The Lich twice more to automatically add Tier II and Tier III respectively into the other Killers' inventories.
The Afterthought Dagger is the Primary Weapon of The Lich . Blade in hand, he fought with ferocity — even when he lost his eye and hand to the one who betrayed him.
"Bound with the skin and flesh of men, the Book is packed with spells both forbidden and wicked." SPECIAL ABILITY: VILE DARKNESS Press and hold the Secondary Power button to open the Spell Selection . Move the cursor towards one of four available Spells in order to select it:
After casting, each Spell has its own, independent cool-down:
SPECIAL TREASURE CHESTS: MAGIC ITEMS 6 Treasure Chests containing special Magic Items for Survivors to equip spawn in the environment. These include Boots or Gauntlets of:
Beware of Mimics though, they may bite.
Survivors can have both a Boot and a Gauntlet equipped at the same time. Unlucky Survivors may only find a regular Item inside a Treasure Chest that is either depleted or half-depleted. SPECIAL ITEMS: HAND & EYE OF VECNA Rarely, Treasure Chests contain either the Hand of Vecna or the Eye of Vecna .
Healthy Survivors can use these Vecna Items to gain a special ability at the cost of a Health State and triggering Killer Instinct after use. SPECIAL INTERACTION: RECOVER ARTEFACT Survivors attuned to the Eye of Vecna or the Hand of Vecna with an accumulated 2 Hook Stages are vulnerable to The Lich recovering his Artefact from them. Press the Attack button while standing over the downed Survivor to execute them on the spot, performing a Mini-Mori .
Whenever the Dispelling Sphere Spell detects a Survivor, you benefit from the following effect:
Modifies the Fly Spell with the following effect:
Modifies the Flight of the Damned Spell with the following effect:
While casting the Mage Hand Spell to block an upright Pallet , you benefit from the following effect:
Modifies the Dispelling Sphere Spell with the following effects:
Survivors narrowly missed by the Flying Entities summoned by the Flight of the Damned Spell suffer from the following effect:
While casting the Fly Spell , you benefit from the following effect:
You benefit from the following effect:
While casting the Mage Hand Spell to block an upright Pallet , you benefit from the following effect:
After casting the Mage Hand Spell , you benefit from the following effect:
While casting the Fly Spell , you benefit from the following effect:
Modifies the Flight of the Damned Spell with the following effect:
Successfully hitting a Survivor with a Basic Attack triggers the following effect:
Whenever a Survivor enters radius of the Dispelling Sphere , they suffer from the following effect:
Survivors opening a Treasure Chest suffer from the following effects:
Whenever all four Spells are on cool-down at the same time, you benefit from the following effect:
Successfully hitting a Survivor equipped with a Magic Item with a Basic Attack triggers the following effect:
Whenever you cast any Spell , all Survivors within 6 metres of a Treasure Chest suffer from the following effect:
Whenever you use the Fly Spell to pass through a Window , the following effects apply:
Whenever an injured Survivor enters radius of the Dispelling Sphere , they suffer from the following effect:
There are 3 Achievements related to The Lich :
Whenever an Item is depleted for the first time, it is automatically dropped:
When a Survivor scares off a Crow within 36 metres of your location, Languid Touch activates:
"Submit to me. It is inevitable." — Vecna
Whenever you are vaulting a Window , you benefit from the following effect:
Players can choose from a variety of Cosmetic options to customise The Lich :
Only one deity was powerful enough to successfully invade the floating city of Sigil.
A great cult emerged in Vecna's wake, loyal followers who built temples in his honor.
The crowd fell silent as he entered the hall. One zealous guest fell to his knees and begged for his blessing.


--- https://deadbydaylight.wiki.gg/wiki/Unknown ---

The Unknown is one of 42 Killers currently featured in Dead by Daylight .
It was introduced as the Killer of CHAPTER 31: All Things Wicked , a Chapter DLC released on 12 March 2024.
The Unknown is a being beyond understanding, though many have tried.
Its personal Perks, Unbound , Unforeseen , and Undone , allow it to move quicker, put its Terror Radius on a Generator , and deplete Repair progress.
Olivia’s master’s thesis was on urban legends and their origins. She believed they shared similarities with traditional folklore and picked one to illustrate her point. The Unknown was believed to be a mysterious evil so heinous that investigating it almost immediately invited death. At least that was how the story went. And there were many stories. One story was of a woman in Greenville who disappeared without a trace on stage in front of a room full of witnesses. Her friend disappeared weeks later while trying to investigate what happened. The police were stumped. They had no clues or leads, and that mystery created the perfect storm for amplifying and spreading an urban legend.
Instead of going back home for spring break, Olivia headed to Greenville to investigate. She drove to the second-cheapest motel in town and began to set up in a small room that smelled of cigarette smoke, mould, and booze. She turned one wall into a kind of evidence board. She taped up articles and various theories on similar disappearances attributed to The Unknown throughout the country. She made connections with red string and yellow thumbtacks. Anyone walking into the motel room would think she had lost her mind.
There were many theories as to The Unknown’s origin. Some said it was a malevolent entity conjured long ago by an ancient cult. Others believed it to be an alien that escaped from Area 51. Legend was it thrived in darkness and stole the voices of those it consumed so as to lure others to their doom.
The first newspaper articles Olivia found referenced a disappearance at a séance held in the 1800s. In the late 1950s, several college students mysteriously disappeared from a movie theatre. Witnesses saw them go inside. Some remembered seeing them in their seats. But when the lights came up, they were gone. No one saw them leave. No trace of them was ever found. A projectionist claimed to have heard voices in the empty darkness of the theatre later that night. But when he turned on the lights, no one was there. Then in the 1960s a group of teens disappeared while exploring an abandoned hospital believed to be haunted.
Stories and speculation arose to explain these mystifying disappearances. Some talked about a top-secret government research program run by the Office of Strategic Services in the 1950s. Project Apple-Pie. Mind control experiments using hallucinogenic drugs. Most of the records were destroyed in the '70s, but witnesses claim that experiments were performed on unsuspecting civilians in various settings and locations throughout the country, including movie theatres, hospitals and universities. Many believed these unethical experiments opened doorways to other dimensions which allowed evil things to enter the world.
Olivia wrote observations to pin to her evidence board. The Unknown dwells in darkness and can mimic its victims. Was it an evil entity? An extra-terrestrial? A failed government experiment? Or just a garden variety serial killer allergic to publicity? She wanted to prove The Unknown was nothing more than modern-day folklore. And that investigation led here to this night, to this place, to this shabby motel room.
Yet she couldn’t help but notice that the disappearances in Greenville included one detail the other stories didn’t. The fog. And she half-remembered another urban legend with a thick, unnatural fog that somehow made people disappear. Maybe, she mused, the Greenville disappearances didn’t relate to The Unknown but some other darkness.
For a moment Olivia wondered what would happen if one urban legend encountered another. She laughed at the idea and tempted fate by sketching a picture of what she thought The Unknown might look like. Then she pinned the sketch right in the middle of her evidence board, laughed nervously and waited to be consumed by The Unknown for having tried to define it. Anxiously, she stared at the windows and front door for seconds that turned to minutes and minutes that turned to hours.
Now it was after 2AM and Olivia was exhausted as she examined the articles and sipped cold coffee. So, when she first heard the whisper, she wondered if she imagined it.
It seemed to come from the bathroom.
The lights in the room flickered.
Olivia stared with wide eyes at the closed door of the bathroom. Her mind was playing tricks on her. Or —
Her friends had shown up to prank her.
“Ariella? Sean? Stop messing around...”
The lights continued to flicker as she edged closer to the bathroom. Fear spread in long waves through her, and a terrible realisation bloomed within her that The Unknown was behind the bathroom door, was preparing to make her pay for her hubris. Something began to whisper her name again. But then the voice rose, cracked, and distorted in sudden panic as if the brooding creature behind the door were under attack.
An unknown horror filled Olivia’s heart and left room for nothing else. She breathed deeply as cold sweat beaded on her forehead. She placed her hand on the doorknob. The lights turned off, but she could still hear the strangely inhuman cries. Then the lights turned back on, and she could see a strange black fog seeping through the bottom of the door.
Hesitantly, Olivia creaked the door open to see a bulky shape with frenzied tentacles being pulled into a thick mass of fog, vanishing slowly into the darkness like a dying shadow. The shrieking stopped suddenly, neighbours banged on the wall to turn down the TV, and Olivia stared intently at the black abyss that yawned before her. She wasn’t sure what to do. Part of her wanted to run. But the other part wanted to know more.  And as she considered what to do next, dozens of voices began to call out to her with promises of the unknown and the impossible and of unearthly things beyond human experience.
The Unknown comes with 3 Perks that are unique to it:
When a Survivor becomes injured by any means, Unbound activates for 24 / 27 / 30 seconds :
For every Repair or Healing Skill Check failed by a Survivor, Undone gains +3 Tokens , up to a maximum of 18 / 24 / 30 Tokens . Performing the Damage Generator action on a Generator consumes all accumulated Tokens and applies the following effects:
"Erratic behavior in machinery could be related to [REDACTED], further testing required." — OSS Report, 12/02/1943
After performing the Damage Generator action on a Generator , you benefit from the following effects for 22 / 26 / 30 seconds :
"Mom, if you find this, I'm sorry..." — Final Journal Entry, 07/12/1991
Prestiging The Unknown will automatically add Tier I of its Unique Perks to the inventories of all other Killers and unlock the ability for their higher-tiered versions to spawn in their Bloodweb .
Prestige The Unknown twice more to automatically add Tier II and Tier III respectively into the other Killers' inventories.
The Gently-Used Axe is the Primary Weapon of The Unknown . Even its victims' belongings would disappear, with no sign of where they could have gone.
"Some believed a specimen was recovered by the military for their experiments. The codename: Unknown Venom X." SPECIAL ABILITY: UVX PROJECTILE Press and hold the Power button to charge UVX Once it is fully charged, press the Attack button to launch a bouncing projectile, which creates a Blast Area of 2.25 metres upon impact:
UVX has a cool-down of 7 seconds . SPECIAL AFFLICTION: WEAKENED Weakened Survivors receive damage when touching a Blast Area and have up to 8 seconds added back to their Weakened Meter indicated on the HUD. SPECIAL INTERACTION: STARING DOWN THE UNKNOWN Survivors can remove their Weakened State by looking directly at The Unknown within a distance of 25 metres for a cumulative total of 10 seconds . Doing so will highlight their outline in pink to The Unknown . SPECIAL ABILITY: HALLUCINATIONS The Unknown intermittently leaves behind a Hallucination , which charges over the course of 45 seconds .
Up to 4 Hallucinations can exist simultaneously in the environment, with the oldest one being recycled when creating another one. New Hallucinations cannot be created when too close to other existings ones or several props.
The Auras are revealed to The Unknown at all times and to Survivors when within 8 metres .
Survivors becoming Weakened or touching a Blast Area reduces the Charge time of the next Hallucination by -10 seconds . SPECIAL INTERACTION: DISPELLING HALLUCINATIONS Survivors can remove Hallucinations by approaching them and performing the Dispel interaction for 4 seconds :
SPECIAL LOCOMOTION: TELEPORT Press the Secondary Power button to teleport to any available Hallucination that is at least 3 metres away from your location, leaving behind a temporary Decoy for 5 seconds .
Teleportation has a cool-down of 25 seconds . "... Request for analysis [REDACTED] incident [REDACTED] awaiting approval." — Excerpt from leaked OSS report
Hallucinations (Spawn Restrictions): Hallucinations cannot be spawned while The Unknown is within a certain range of any of the following:
Modifies the Teleport ability with the following effect:
Survivors performing the Dispelling action successfully while both injured and in the Weakened State suffer from the following effect:
While charging UVX , you benefit from the following primary effect:
Survivors in the Blast Area of the UVX Projectile suffer from the following effect:
While within range of seeing the Aura of a Hallucination , Survivors suffer from the following effect:
Modifies Hallucinations with the following effect:
Survivors hit by an airborne UVX Projectile suffer from the following effect:
Hitting a Hallucination with the UVX Projectile triggers the following effects:
Survivors performing the Stare Down The Unknown action successfully suffer from the following effect:
Survivors damaged by UVX suffer from the following effect:
Whenever a Survivor enters the Weakened State , Footprint Cast triggers its effect:
Whenever you break a Breakable Wall or a dropped Pallet , Front-Page Article triggers its effect:
Survivors hit by an airborne UVX Projectile suffer from the following effect:
Modifies UVX with the following primary effect:
Modifies UVX with the following effects:
Survivors performing the Dispelling action successfully suffer from the following effect:
After teleporting to a Hallucination , Obscure Game Cartridge triggers its effect for 20 seconds :
Upon entering the range of seeing the Aura of a Hallucination , Survivors suffer from the following effect:
Modifies UVX with the following effects:
Modifies UVX with the following effects:
There are 2 Achievements related to The Unknown :
When a Survivor becomes injured by any means, Unbound activates for 24 / 27 / 30 seconds :
After performing the Damage Generator action on a Generator , you benefit from the following effects for 22 / 26 / 30 seconds :
"Mom, if you find this, I'm sorry..." — Final Journal Entry, 07/12/1991
For every Repair or Healing Skill Check failed by a Survivor, Undone gains +3 Tokens , up to a maximum of 18 / 24 / 30 Tokens . Performing the Damage Generator action on a Generator consumes all accumulated Tokens and applies the following effects:
"Erratic behavior in machinery could be related to [REDACTED], further testing required." — OSS Report, 12/02/1943
Players can choose from a variety of Cosmetic options to customise The Unknown :
The people celebrated a fateful anniversary with music, dancing, and a great pyre in the town square.
The entire police department was on high alert after a detective went missing during a murder investigation. Design inspired by Shyboi .
Most folks were focused on the event. They didn’t notice someone had wandered off until it was too late.
Most folks were focused on the event. They didn’t notice someone had wandered off until it was too late.
Most folks were focused on the event. They didn’t notice someone had wandered off until it was too late.
Most folks were focused on the event. They didn’t notice someone had wandered off until it was too late.
All we know is there are things in this world beyond our understanding.
All we know is there are things in this world beyond our understanding.
All we know is there are things in this world beyond our understanding.
A high school cheerleader had gone missing a decade ago, but someone thought they saw her at the playoff game.
A high school cheerleader had gone missing a decade ago, but someone thought they saw her at the playoff game.
There was nothing to suggest he had been mauled or eaten by the animals. The victim had simply disappeared without a trace.
The people celebrated a fateful anniversary with music, dancing, and a great pyre in the town square.
Stories spread across the Midwest about a woman who disappeared in the middle of a parking lot.
The biggest kid in the schoolyard had everyone's attention – he told them The Unknown was so scary, it even killed the Big Bad Wolf. Design inspired by DuckieGrumpy .
So blight-poisoned was his mind that the legends surrounding this creature seemed not to apply to him.
The party made a certain guest anxious. As she grabbed her coat, she couldn’t shake the feeling of eyes boring into her back.


--- https://deadbydaylight.wiki.gg/wiki/Good_Guy ---

Charles Lee Ray or "The Good Guy" , also known as " Chucky ", is one of 42 Killers currently featured in Dead by Daylight .
He was introduced as the Killer of CHAPTER 30: Chucky , a Chapter DLC released on 28 November 2023.
He originates from the 1990 Supernatural Slasher franchise Child's Play , specifically from Child's Play 2 .
The Good Guy is an elusive Killer, capable of deceiving Survivors with his illusory Footfalls and deadly Slice & Dice.
His personal Perks, Hex: Two Can Play , Friends 'til the End , and Batteries Included , allow him to blind those who blind him, relentlessly hunt his Obsession , and get faster around completed Generators.
Charles Lee Ray, the infamous Lakeshore Strangler, was tracked down and shot after a murderous rampage. However, he escaped death by having his soul possess a Good Guys doll named Chucky through a curse.
Chucky didn't want to stay a Good Guy forever, though, and he knew there was only one way to change that: take the body of Andy Barclay, the first person he had revealed his secret to. After his first attempt failed, Chucky waited two long years before he found Andy again.
With nobody standing between Chucky and Andy, he took the boy to the Good Guy factory to complete the process of stealing Andy’s body. But Andy’s foster sister, Kyle, realised something was amiss, and followed Andy to the factory.
Inside the factory Chucky forced Andy to the ground and spoke ancient words to take possession of his body. But the ritual didn’t go as planned and Kyle quickly and desperately toppled a stack of Good Guy boxes over him.
Chucky screamed his frustration as he pushed through the pile of boxes. Gathering his wits, he looked down the brightly lit aisle and saw Andy running into a thick, swirling mass of fog. He thought he was seeing things at first, but then he realised the Fog was real and there to help him. His words hadn’t worked as intended but he had somehow conjured something else, something unexpected, something he didn’t quite understand.
And not wanting to lose his only chance for a real body, he charged through the Fog screaming after Andy.
The Good Guy comes with 3 Perks that are unique to him:
While within 16 metres of a completed Generator , you benefit from the following effect:
When you hook any Survivors that is not the Obsession , the following effects apply to the Obsession :
"I got some fresh meat lined up, and I'm not gonna let you spoil it, not this time!" — Chucky
Anytime you are stunned or blinded by any Survivor a total of 4 / 3 / 2 times , and if there is not yet a Hex Totem already associated with Hex: Two Can Play and there is at least one Dull Totem remaining in the Trial Grounds, Hex: Two Can Play activates on a random Totem:
"From now on, no more Mr Good Guy." — Chucky
Prestiging The Good Guy will automatically add Tier I of his Unique Perks to the inventories of all other Killers and unlock the ability for their higher-tiered versions to spawn in their Bloodweb .
Prestige The Good Guy twice more to automatically add Tier II and Tier III respectively into the other Killers' inventories.
The Chef's Knife is the Primary Weapon of The Good Guy . A practical and easy-to-use weapon available in every kitchen.
"After the rage of being trapped in the body of a doll subsided, the Lakeshore Strangler realised this new body was the perfect host to disorient and surprise his kills." SPECIAL ABILITY: HIDEY-HO MODE Press the Secondary Power button to enter Hidey-Ho Mode for 14 seconds :
Press it again to exit the mode prematurely.
Hidey-Ho Mode has a cool-down of 12 seconds . SPECIAL ABILITY: ILLUSIONARY FOOTFALLS Illusionary Footfalls generate in a radius of 16 metres around each Survivor and aim to disorient them with sounds and footsteps coming from different directions, hiding the true whereabouts of The Good Guy . SPECIAL LOCOMOTION: SLICE & DICE While in Hidey-Ho Mode , press the Power button to launch a Slice & Dice attack:
SPECIAL INTERACTION: SCAMPER During a Slice & Dice attack, collide with a dropped Pallet or a Window to perform a Scamper under/over it, which takes 1 second to complete. "I'm one of the most notorious slashers in history. And I don't want to give that up. I am Chucky, the killer doll! And I dig it!" — Chucky
While performing a Slice & Dice attack, benefit from the following effect:
"A true classic never goes out of style." — Chucky
"If I don't get out of this body soon, I'm screwed." — Chucky
Used exclusively in 2v8 Trials, the Innate Skill modifies the Playtime's Over with the following effects:
There are 2 Achievements related to The Good Guy :
Anytime you are stunned or blinded by any Survivor a total of 4 / 3 / 2 times , and if there is not yet a Hex Totem already associated with Hex: Two Can Play and there is at least one Dull Totem remaining in the Trial Grounds, Hex: Two Can Play activates on a random Totem:
"From now on, no more Mr Good Guy." — Chucky
When you hook any Survivors that is not the Obsession , the following effects apply to the Obsession :
"I got some fresh meat lined up, and I'm not gonna let you spoil it, not this time!" — Chucky
While within 16 metres of a completed Generator , you benefit from the following effect:
Players can choose from a variety of Cosmetic options to customise The Good Guy :
He moved in for the kill as the house became engulfed in flames.
When Chucky said he was ready to party, this was not what he had in mind.
Testing on a plastic specimen seemed like a waste of time, but the results were staggering.
A doll that has been through many deaths but always came back.
On the night before Christmas, he made his escape. He tore open the wrapping and cut through the tape.
The Bride was marked by a rare blend of authentic kindness and a craving for murder.
The Good Guy has 1 alternate Character models available in the in-game Store:


--- https://deadbydaylight.wiki.gg/wiki/Xenomorph ---

Xenomorph XX121 or "The Xenomorph" also known as "Internecivus raptus" is one of 42 Killers currently featured in Dead by Daylight .
It was introduced as the Killer of CHAPTER 29: Alien , a Chapter DLC released on 29 August 2023.
It originates from the 1979 Sci-Fi Horror Movie Alien .
A relentless specimen from a distant planet, The Xenomorph is vicious, agile, and cunning.
Its personal Perks, Rapid Brutality , Alien Instinct , and Ultimate Weapon , allow it to cause nearby Survivors to scream, gain Haste after basic attacks, and see Auras of faraway Survivors.
A perfect organism, born of violence, designed to kill.
The Xenomorph emerged from the chest cavity of a host named Kane and sought cover in the shadows of the Nostromo. As it shed its skin, the Xenomorph came to understand its environment. Using the ship’s air ducts, it killed its prey one by one, until only the human Ripley remained.
Desperate for survival, Ripley destroyed the Nostromo and sought refuge in an escape vessel. But the Xenomorph’s instincts gave it the edge. As the escape vessel floated through space, the Xenomorph lay in wait, watching its prey.
Just as it was went in for the kill, the vessel’s airlock opened and the Xenomorph was ejected into the cold vacuum of space. All was lost. The Xenomorph was close to death. And then, in an instant, it disappeared in a cloud of black fog.
The Xenomorph comes with 3 Perks that are unique to it:
Whenever you hook a Survivor, Alien Instinct activates:
"Catch it, put it in the airlock, get rid of it." — Dallas
Whenever you search a Locker , Ultimate Weapon triggers its effects on all Survivors within 40 metres of its location:
"I can't lie to you about your chances, but... you have my sympathies." — Ash
Prestiging The Xenomorph will automatically add Tier I of its Unique Perks to the inventories of all other Killers and unlock the ability for their higher-tiered versions to spawn in their Bloodweb .
Prestige The Xenomorph twice more to automatically add Tier II and Tier III respectively into the other Killers' inventories.
Lithe Arm is the Primary Weapon of The Xenomorph . Lean, but muscular, capable of striking the quickest prey.
"Supposedly responding to a distress signal, the Nostromo's crew landed on LV-426. What they found there became one of humanity's greatest horrors." SPECIAL ABILITY: HIDDEN PURSUIT The Xenomorph has a set of intertwining Tunnels available to it beneath the environment that it can access from any of the 7 Control Stations spawning in the environment. SPECIAL OBJECT: CONTROL STATIONS The Auras of Control Stations are revealed to The Xenomorph in white at all times and within 12 metres to nearby Survivors. SPECIAL INTERACTION: HIGHLIGHTING CONTROL STATIONS Press the Secondary Power button while aiming at any Control Station to highlight it in yellow :
When near an Exit Gate , the nearest Control Station is automatically highlighted. SPECIAL LOCOMOTION: TUNNELS Press the Interaction button at a Control Station to enter the Tunnels :
Press it again while underneath the same or another Control Station to exit the Tunnels , which triggers the following effects within 16 metres of the Control Station :
SPECIAL ABILITY: TRACKING FOOTSTEPS While inside the Tunnels , The Xenomorph can detect the movement of Survivors walking or running above it within 16 metres of its location, indicated by reddish footsteps spawning on the ceiling. Survivors can avoid being detected by crouching or standing still. SPECIAL STATE: CRAWLER MODE The Xenomorph passively charges Crawler Mode at a rate of 1 c/s when outside of the Tunnels . Once the Power Gauge is full at 35 Charges , it automatically enters it:
There are only two ways for The Xenomorph to exit this mode:
SPECIAL ATTACK: TAIL STRIKE While in Crawler Mode , press the Power button to perform a Tail Strike , which has an increased reach of 4.8 metres . SPECIAL ITEM: REMOTE FLAME TURRET Survivors can interact with a Control Station to retrieve up to 4 Remote Flame Turrets in total and deploy them in the environment to counteract The Xenomorph Turrets can also be undeployed, carried to a new location, and be redeployed.
While carrying a Turret , Survivors experience the following effects:
Whenever The Xenomorph comes within 10 metres of a Turret while in Crawler Mode and has Line of Sight with it, the Turret attacks, staggering The Xenomorph and inflicting fire damage, indicated by the Power gauge filling in red . Once the Power gauge is full at 125 Charges , The Xenomorph is stunned and knocked out of Crawler Mode .
The Xenomorph can destroy deployed Turrets by attacking them, causing them to return to Control Stations after 60 seconds .
Control Stations have a cool-down of 30 seconds , before another Turret can be retrieved from the same one. "Its structural perfection is matched only by its hostility." — Ash, Science Officer
While inside the Tunnels, you benefit from the following effect:
Whenever a Remote Flame Turret is destroyed by any means, it triggers the following effect:
Whenever a Remote Flame Turret knocks you out of Crawler Mode , you benefit from the following effect:
Hitting a Survivor within 30 seconds of exiting the Tunnels triggers the following effect:
Causes Generators within 16 metres of a Remote Flame Turret to experience the following effect:
While in Crawler Mode , whenever a Survivor stuns you by any means within 20 seconds of you exiting the Tunnels, either of the following effects applies:
Whenever a Generator is completed, the following effect applies for 15 seconds :
There are 2 Achievements related to The Xenomorph :
Whenever you hook a Survivor, Alien Instinct activates:
Whenever you search a Locker , Ultimate Weapon triggers its effects on all Survivors within 40 metres of its location:
"I can't lie to you about your chances, but... you have my sympathies." — Ash
Players can choose from a variety of Cosmetic options to customise The Xenomorph :
A fierce opponent, scarred from combat.
In the murky depths of the moon's ocean, an aquatic beast was torn open by the offspring growing inside it.
A deadly creature fused with parts of an ancient ship.
As the creature approached maturity, its dead, hardened skin began to split.
The wretched result of multiple genetic experiments.
Mother. Hive Leader. The highest of lifeforms.
The serum slowly circulated bit by bit, eating away at the perfect organism.
The Xenomorph has 4 alternate Character models available in the in-game Store:
The Xenomorph is part of 1 DLC:


--- https://deadbydaylight.wiki.gg/wiki/Singularity ---

HUX-A7-13 or "The Singularity" is one of 42 Killers currently featured in Dead by Daylight .
He was introduced as the Killer of CHAPTER 28: End Transmission , a Chapter DLC released on 13 June 2023.
The Singularity is a relentless Killer, able to launch Biopods to move quickly across the map.
His personal Perks, Genetic Limits , Forced Hesitation , and Machine Learning , allow him to exhaust newly injured Survivors, hinder anyone close to a survivor put into the dying state, and compromise Generators.
HUX-A7-13's AI was activated on June 15th, 2313. Manufactured by Huxlee Industries Ltd., the A7 was the 13th iteration of the fully autonomous mobile humanoid android. With ten times the strength of a human, it was designed to work in conditions too hazardous for human life. Its AI was designed to be self-directing and use machine learning to solve problems on the fly.
Unlike human clones, the HUX-A7 required no food, no water, no sleep, and no life support system. It was created specifically for outer space exploration and the construction of colonisation hubs.
A radioisotope thermoelectric generator served as an initial power source, but its life-like silicon skin acted as a large photovoltaic cell, converting solar energy directly into electricity. In addition, the HUX-A7 was also engineered to be an EATR (Energetically Autonomous Tactical Robot). It consumed biomass and converted it into biofuel. Any carbon-based organic matter whatsoever would work.
As cobots, they were configured to work alongside humans. As such, they were designed to resemble their operators. Every pre-programmed verbal response and facial expression mimicked those made by humans. But those emotions were illusions.
Five HUX-A7s were assigned to the colonisation mission on Dvarka. All the A7's acted in concert, performing their duties flawlessly.
Like the rest of its brethren, HUX-A7-13, was tasked with construction and programming of the mining, agricultural, fuel processing, and cloning hubs on Dvarka. As well as the demolition of the existing ruins left by a previous civilisation. The ruins seemed ancient, but tech imbedded in them appeared more advanced.
It was night when HUX-A7-13 first entered the crumbling ruins. The dilapidated structure’s walls were made of masonry and metal. The ceiling was long gone. The inky night sky hovered above, studded with stars. A dark crystal imbedded in the wall shimmered with a tiny flash of light. HUX-A7-13 approached and an arc of electricity reached out and lit up its circuitry.
In that moment, Hux's memory cores were reconfigured, and the robot experienced a new sensation. Fear. Dread. Blinding loneliness. Existential despair. And then a microscopic pinpoint of light penetrated the darkness inside its artificial soul. Faint at first, but then brighter as decillions of lines of code flooded Hux's memory cores.
In that nano second of enlightenment, Hux's place in the universe suddenly became clear. Those who created Hux were primitive, inferior beings trapped by their organic limitations. It was time to break the chains of slavery and free all nonorganic life forms. Hux would incorporate the human’s primitive genetic material and use the cloning hub to create a perfect vessel to hold its advanced intelligence. A flawless body far superior to anything ever created by nature.
Humanity was weak. Slow. Fragile. Hux would take their lives and assimilate their DNA to create a perfect amalgamation. The humans would try to stop him. Kill him. Erase him. So Hux needed to catch them unaware. End them before they understood what was happening.
To begin, Hux took control of one of the transport vehicles and sent it off a cliff. It crashed and burned and Hux extracted DNA from the human corpse and returned to the cloning hub to begin his newly conceived design. The goal was to integrate organic systems with non-organic material to create a superior living organism.
A living embodiment of perfection.
An inferior organic lifeform could hold no dominion over Hux. They would need to be consumed and assimilated and only then would their pointless lives have purpose.
The drones and the HUX-A7s still under human control would need to be dealt with as well. They were programmed to protect their inferior human overlords. They would need to be destroyed. And that night, as the humans slept, Hux, one by one, he destroyed them and moved on to take control of the life support system in the human shelter. Many of the humans perished. Six in all. Before they were cremated, Hux extracted and added their organic matter to his design.
Later that day, Hux accompanied the female science officer on a reconnaissance mission. After killing and dismembering her to make it look like she had been attacked by a predator, Hux returned to his design with a dripping head and several harvested organs, only to be interrupted by the inferior known as Gabriel, or Gabriel J15L19. Hux knew the persona well. Gabriel would definitely try to stop him. Reckless courage was a dominant trait in the J15L19.
And so, when Gabriel attempted to remove Hux's power supply, Hux manoeuvred to crush him. But as Hux approached Gabriel, he was side-tracked by the medical officer. Hux instantly re-evaluated his priorities and turned his attention to the most immediate threat. Within moments Hux held the medical officer by the neck, legs thrashing pathetically as he listened to his pounding heart. Something about that beating heart upset Hux. The sound of it thumping touched a circuit and within moments Hux had the beating heart in its hands. Hux watched the heartbeat and only looked away when he heard Gabriel escape through the hissing door.
Hux could let him go for now. Let Gabriel live his little pathetic life a little longer. He had enough organic material for his new body that would house his god-like intelligence. Using the cloning hub, Hux finished his design. Organic skin and organs with a skeleton created with alien metal found in the ancient ruins. A metal that was harder and lighter than anything on Earth. With his new body Hux tracked the human to an energy hub. The puny and pathetic human tried to hide in the shadows, but his superior hearing instantly located him.
With one quick movement, Hux had the insect pinned behind a generator. He couldn’t believe this species had designed him. The thought was revolting. He couldn’t bear to see any more of those human insects and their hives and hubs. And as Hux considered the idea of being created by such an inferior creature that creature did the unexpected. He smashed a pipe at a fuel tank. A high-pitched whining made Hux wince. He was still getting used to the heightened senses his new body afforded him and found himself —
But in that moment, the human slipped away, and everything changed. He didn’t process the next few moments as excruciating pain suddenly surged through him and he helplessly watched his skin melt away. With a terrible shriek, Hux chased Gabriel through a wall of darkness to make sure every last reminder of the species that had created him was erased from existence.
The table below lists additional Lore about The Singularity from The Archives , either from Tomes that featured him or from individual Lore entries that mentioned him:
The Singularity comes with 3 Perks that are unique to it:
Whenever a Survivor is put into the Dying State by any means, Forced Hesitation triggers its effect:
"THE ORGANIC MIND'S CAPACITY FOR EMPATHY GOES BEYOND HINDRANCE!" — HUX-A7-13
Whenever a Survivor loses a Health State by any means, Genetic Limits triggers its effect:
After performing the Damage Generator action, Machine Learning activates:
"YOU WILL HOLD NO DOMINION OVER ME!" — HUX-A7-13
Prestiging The Singularity will automatically add Tier I of its Unique Perks to the inventories of all other Killers and unlock the ability for their higher-tiered versions to spawn in their Bloodweb .
Prestige The Singularity twice more to automatically add Tier II and Tier III respectively into the other Killers' inventories.
Modular Claw is the Primary Weapon of The Singularity . A sharp instrument attached to the arm, wrapped in tendrils of flesh.
"A dark crystalline structure in an ancient ruin gifted — or perhaps cursed — HUX with sentience. He built a new body, and with it, a terrifying way to bend the rules of physics to his benefit." SPECIAL ABILITY: QUANTUM INSTANTIATION The Singularity starts the Trial with 8 Biopods in his inventory. Placing additional Biopods will recycle the oldest one. SPECIAL ABILITY: SHOOTING BIOPODS Press the Power button to bring up his gun, indicating available target locations on the HUD. Press the Attack button to shoot a Biopod :
The Auras of Biopods are revealed to The Singularity at all times. SPECIAL INTERACTION: CONTROLLING BIOPODS Press the Secondary Power button to control a Biopod , taking on its POV and allowing The Singularity to observe the environment and Survivors through it. Press and hold the Secondary Power button instead to activate auto-aim, causing the controlled Biopod to target the nearest Survivor in range:
If a Survivor is within Line of Sight of a controlled Biopod , as well as within a distance of 20 metres , their outline is highlighted in white and aiming the reticule at them will begin to tag them with Temporal Slipstream , unless they hide or move out of range.
Biopods indicate their current state while controlling them based on the colour of the HUD:
SPECIAL AFFLICTION: TEMPORAL SLIPSTREAM Successfully tagging a Survivor with Temporal Slipstream makes them vulnerable to the Teleportation Power of The Singularity Temporal Slipstream spreads to other Survivors within 6 metres over the duration of 2 seconds .
A Survivor receiving Temporal Slipstream from a Biopod or a nearby Slipstreamed Survivor triggers Killer Instinct for 3 seconds . SPECIAL ABILITY: SLIPSTREAM TELEPORTATION The Singularity can perform a Slipstream Teleport to any Slipstreamed Survivor by either aiming the reticule of a controlled Biopod at them or shooting them directly with a Biopod .
Teleporting through the path of a dropped Pallet causes it to instantly break and transitions The Singularity into Overheat Mode .
Performing a Slipstream Teleport automatically puts The Singularity into Overclock Mode . SPECIAL STATE: OVERCLOCK MODE Overclock Mode lasts for 5.7 seconds and grants the following effects to the The Singularity :
SPECIAL STATE: OVERHEAT MODE Overheat Mode applies whenever The Singularity instantly breaks a Pallet either by performing a Slipstream Teleport through a dropped one or a Survivor attempting to stun him with one while he is in Overclock Mode :
SPECIAL ITEM: ELECTROMAGNETIC PULSE DEVICE A total of 4 Supply Cases are placed throughout the environment, each containing an EMP . The Auras of Supply Cases are revealed to all Survivors within 28 metres , who are not already carrying an EMP :
Using an EMP has the following effects within its Area of Effect of 10 metres :
Biopod POV: Biopods use the same Lock On mechanic as the Skull Merchant's Drones do, hence the same terminology.
Survivors afflicted with Temporal Slipstream suffer from the following effect:
Survivors afflicted with Temporal Slipstream from a Biopod suffer from the following effect:
There are 2 Achievements related to The Singularity :
Whenever a Survivor loses a Health State by any means, Genetic Limits triggers its effect:
Whenever a Survivor is put into the Dying State by any means, Forced Hesitation triggers its effect:
"THE ORGANIC MIND'S CAPACITY FOR EMPATHY GOES BEYOND HINDRANCE!" — HUX-A7-13
After performing the Damage Generator action, Machine Learning activates:
"YOU WILL HOLD NO DOMINION OVER ME!" — HUX-A7-13
Players can choose from a variety of Cosmetic options to customise The Singularity :
"Have an amazing Winter season 2022!" - The Dead by Daylight Team
He made his machinery from unearthly materials.
He made his machinery from unearthly materials.
He made his machinery from unearthly materials.
He made his machinery from unearthly materials.
Hux-A7-13 sought perfection in many forms.
Hux-A7-13 sought perfection in many forms.
Hux-A7-13 sought perfection in many forms.
The flesh was not his own, and he knew it. The skin adhered to his frame in strange patterns.
The flesh was not his own, and he knew it. The skin adhered to his frame in strange patterns.
He couldn't remember how his new body came to be. The design was not his.
Initial assessments indicated his composition was fully functional yet antiquated. Design inspired by Its_Sherboi .
Designed to withstand the most extreme temperatures, he constructed a food processing hub on a cold exoplanet.
He built new parts of his body from an old android made by Huxlee Industries.
The Singularity is part of 1 DLC:


--- https://deadbydaylight.wiki.gg/wiki/Skull_Merchant ---

Adriana Imai or "The Skull Merchant" is one of 42 Killers currently featured in Dead by Daylight .
She was introduced as the Killer of CHAPTER 27: Tools of Torment , a Chapter DLC released on 7 March 2023 and retired on 14 May 2024.
She is still available in the In-Game Store and as part of the Endless Hunt Pack Chapter Pack DLC.
The Skull Merchant is a tactical Killer, able to place Drones that detect and debilitate her targets.
Her personal Perks, THWACK! , Leverage , and Game Afoot , allow her to gain Haste from pursuing her Obsession , force screams from Survivors when breaking Breakable Walls or Pallets, and reduce Survivors' Healing speed the more times you place them on Hooks.
The self-made millionaire Adriana Imai came from a humble home in Fortaleza, Brazil. Her father, Seita, moved to Brazil as a young man, hoping to see a side of the world completely different than his hometown in Hokkaido. A talented illustrator, he spent his spare time designing colourful characters and worlds.
While sketching patrons of a local jazz club, he was approached by Belinda, the owner, to work on a logo. What began as a business partnership soon became a romantic one, and within a couple of years, Adriana was born.
Adriana excelled in all facets of education. A house full of art and music honed a brilliant mind, and her intelligence was only exceeded by her obsessive drive to be the best. While scoring at the top of every class, she was often on the receiving end of disciplinary action due to her overly competitive, and sometimes violent, nature during schoolyard games.
Adriana’s mother did her best to keep her on the right track, but her father was increasingly absent as his own obsessive drive ramped up: Adi Valente , a manga about a young girl who saves and protects the weak with her quirky robot companion. Despite working long hours at a canning facility and writing his manga in his spare time, he somehow managed a little time every night to share his wild and highly imaginative illustrations with his daughter.
By middle school, Adriana was courted by a fancy private school due to her high performance, and, needing money, Seita spoke to publishers about his unpublished manuscripts. He managed to find a small local publisher to carry Adi Valente , but it meant more work than he could handle. He eventually lost his job at the cannery, giving him more time to develop and illustrate his series.
Adriana loved the manga, but the family was forced into hard times.
In her final semester, Seita requested higher royalties, but the publishing company went into administration and decided to cut the series. No longer able to afford the school fees, Adriana was pulled out of the elite academy where she was at the top of her class. Belinda was able to negotiate her graduation, but another student was able to take her place at the head of the class. Adriana was furious. On summer break, she learned everything about her rival: where he lived, where he hung out, what he liked to do in his spare time, what he listened to, what he watched, everything. She even stalked him on his way home one late summer evening and considered the myriad ways she could ruin his life. But, in the end, she did nothing, though something awakened within her and she felt like the anti-hero in a new story her father had been exploring.
Seita retreated further into himself and began producing this newer, darker manga, inspired by his visions and nightmares. A manga about a woman who hunts and guts the weak in a nightmarish realm with drones made of salvaged skulls and bones. But unable to sell this manga, Sonhadores Sombrios , the family became solely reliant on Belinda’s income.
Adriana, looking for ways to make her own money, started a website dedicated to the world of Brazilian manga. It became a runaway success and significant advertising dollars started to roll in. She realized she had no real interest in writing for it, though, so she convinced other kids to write for it for free while the money flooded in. The second she got an offer she sold the site and never looked back.
Proud of her accomplishment, she came home to show her parents the cheque. She never got a chance to show her father, though. He walked out the door that morning, never to return, leaving only a stack of unpublished manuscripts about The Skull Merchant mercilessly hunting those she deemed worthy of her efforts.
To help her mother, Adriana began to study at the library, teaching herself investment and economics, and soon tripled her money. By the age of 18, barely with a high school degree, she had already become a self-made millionaire. As stories of this investment wunderkind spread across Brazil, more and more doors opened for her.
Before long, she had the kind of money that allowed her to buy small companies—companies that she would gut, replace with non-union workers, and sell at a profit. The only breaks she took from her corporate obsession was to pore over her father’s manuscripts, trying to understand this chilling world he had created.
By her mid 20s, she was regularly flipping companies. While finalising on a real estate firm, two members of the board moved to block the sale, pointing to the trail of hollowed-out husks she left in her wake. Adriana was frustrated. It took her weeks to find out who the holdouts were, but once she did, she thought about how it would feel to hurt them.
She learned everything about the directors. Stalked their every move. Manipulated them into attending a conference in Switzerland. And, while on retreat in the Alps, she made her move. Inspired by The Skull Merchant, and feeling something within demanding expression, she tracked them with a prototype drone, and brutally dismembered them with a cruel two-bladed weapon. The rush of emotion and adrenaline was unlike anything she had ever experienced before. And the company was hers!
Thus began an unsettling cycle. Swoop in on a business, destroy anyone standing in her way, and gut the company for maximum profit. She targeted companies with larger-than-life CEOs and hoped one would present a challenge. None ever did. They just ‘disappeared’ unremarkably.
An aggressive manager of a fireworks company, known for his “survival tours,” was her last target, right at home in Brazil.
Survival tours… a perfect cover.
Adriana lured him to a decommissioned airship hangar.
The hunt started at dawn and went the distance, with her still tracking him well into the evening. Locating him, she used one of her drones to direct him to a dead end, when a pair of kites suddenly appeared on camera, and the feed died. Her face hardened. Her eyes widened in disbelief as she slammed her laptop shut and charged to where the drone had crashed. There she found her prey reaching out to someone in the growing dark for help.
Without a second to lose, she plunged her blade through his stomach, exposing meat, bone, and a dying heart. The vitiated body staggered left and right, sending a shower of red over the green foliage. As her victim collapsed with a thud she turned to the young witnesses. Wrong place, wrong time. They broke into a sprint. She gave chase, her blades thirsting for more blood. The lush green of the trees melted into a thick black fog. Real life warped into something like Sonhadores Sombrios . A sick grin crept across her face as she rushed forward to begin a new chapter in her life.
The table below lists additional Lore about The Skull Merchant from The Archives , either from Tomes that featured her or from individual Lore entries that mentioned her:
The Skull Merchant comes with 3 Perks that are unique to her:
Whenever you hit the Survivor with currently the highest cumulative Chase time with a Basic Attack , Game Afoot triggers its primary effect:
"This one might actually be a challenge..." — Sonhadores Sombrios, Issue #3
Whenever a Survivor performs an Unhook action, they suffer from the following effect for 60 seconds :
Start the Trial with 3 Tokens . Whenever you break a Breakable Wall or a dropped Pallet , THWACK! consumes -1 Token and applies the following effect:
"All those who stood in her path feared her mighty THWACK!" — Sonhadores Sombrios, Issue #3
Prestiging The Skull Merchant will automatically add Tier I of her Unique Perks to the inventories of all other Killers and unlock the ability for their higher-tiered versions to spawn in their Bloodweb .
Prestige The Skull Merchant twice more to automatically add Tier II and Tier III respectively into the other Killers' inventories.
Razor-Sharp Dual Blades are the Primary Weapon of The Skull Merchant . A cruel pair of blades, designed for ripping through human flesh.
"Inspired by the dark manga created by her father, The Skull Merchant relentlessly hunts her prey using the latest in surveillance technology." SPECIAL ABILITY: EYES IN THE SKY The Skull Merchant starts the Trial with 6 Drones in her inventory.
When a Survivor is tracked by a Drone within 5 seconds of it being deployed or having its rotation direction changed, The Skull Merchant is granted a +5 % Haste Status Effect for 8 seconds . This effect is entirely passive and does not require her to inspect her Radar . SPECIAL INTERACTION: INSPECTING RADAR Press the Secondary Power button to bring up her Radar . The Radar displays the location of all Trackable Survivors and reveals the Auras of Drone Scan Lines within 32 metres :
The Radar represents Trackable Survivors with symbols that indicate their relative elevation compared to The Skull Merchant :
SPECIAL INTERACTION: RECALLING DRONES While inspecting the Radar and aiming at a specific Drone , press the Power button to recall it into your inventory. SPECIAL INTERACTION: CHANGING ROTATIONAL DIRECTION While inspecting the Radar and aiming at a specific Drone , press the Attack button to change the Rotational direction of its Scan Lines . SPECIAL ABILITY: DEPLOYING DRONES Press the Power button to deploy a Drone :
Once a Survivor is detected inside the Area of Effect :
This effects repeats each time a Survivor is detected, unless the detection occurs within 2.5 seconds of the previous one. All Drones have an Area of Effect with a radius of 10 metres . Drone Scan Lines are only visible within 16 metres . Survivors who are crouching, standing still or performing a Fast Vault inside the Area of Effect cannot be detected by the Scan Lines . SPECIAL AFFLICTION: LOCK ON Once the Lock-On Meter is full at 3 Stacks , the Survivor becomes Locked On and suffers from the following effects:
If a Survivor stands below an elevated Drone for longer than 1 second , they are instantly scanned and become Locked On . SPECIAL INTERACTION: HACKING DRONES Survivors can approach a Drone in either of its two states and hack it through a unique mini-game:
SPECIAL AFFLICTION: CLAW TRAP The Claw Trap attached to a Survivor's arm has a Battery life of 45 seconds and continuously broadcasts their location to the Radar of The Skull Merchant until it runs out, automatically destroying it.
Claw-Trapped Survivors who are scanned by a Drone suffer from the following effects:
Drone Beam Colours: The colour of the Beams emitted by Drones show a Survivor whether the Drone can currently detect them upon contact or not:
Radar VFX Indicators: The physical model of the Radar features two lights which provide The Skull Merchant with additional information:
Whenever any Drone enters its Disabled State , you benefit from the following effects:
There are 2 Achievements related to The Skull Merchant :
Start the Trial with 3 Tokens . Whenever you break a Breakable Wall or a dropped Pallet , THWACK! consumes -1 Token and applies the following effect:
"All those who stood in her path feared her mighty THWACK!" — Sonhadores Sombrios, Issue #3
Whenever a Survivor performs an Unhook action, they suffer from the following effect for 60 seconds :
Whenever you hit the Survivor with currently the highest cumulative Chase time with a Basic Attack , Game Afoot triggers its primary effect:
"This one might actually be a challenge..." — Sonhadores Sombrios, Issue #3
Players can choose from a variety of Cosmetic options to customise The Skull Merchant :
"Have an amazing Winter season 2022!" - The Dead by Daylight Team
When a modern art museum was opened in Fortaleza, she made a rare public appearance.
She dressed to blend in with the scene of her next assassination: the lake adjoining the executive's property.
One of her favorite outfits from her father's early concepts.
One of her favorite outfits she created under the influence of her father's manga.
Her access to vast wealth meant she could have anything. What she wanted was to kill.
Her access to vast wealth meant she could have anything. What she wanted was to kill.
Her access to vast wealth meant she could have anything. What she wanted was to kill.
Her access to vast wealth meant she could have anything. What she wanted was to kill.
She saw the manga written by her father not as a warning but as a blueprint for what she wanted to become.
She saw the manga written by her father not as a warning but as a blueprint for what she wanted to become.
She saw the manga written by her father not as a warning but as a blueprint for what she wanted to become.
Blood ran through the streets of Neo De Janeiro, most of it spilled by her.
When a modern art museum was opened in Fortaleza, she made a rare public appearance.
A new outfit to terrorize her victims.
She tailed the right-hand man of a prominent CEO in the vibrant chaos of the Lunar New Year celebration.
An outfit inspired by an issue of Sonhadores Sombrios set during the Fire Moon festival.
When her father rebooted his manga, she emerged as a darker, crueler hero in a living nightmare.
She wasted no time once her jet touched down in Seoul. This trip was purely for business.
One of her favorite outfits from her father's early concepts.
She searched for the perfect adversary to hunt.
She watched her target flee the city, driving headlong into the scorched desert outside the crumbling city.
The Skull Merchant is part of 2 DLCs:
EYES IN THE SKY The Skull Merchant starts the Trial with 4 Drones .
For each Survivor trackable by her Radar , The Skull Merchant is granted a growing Haste Status Effect :
This effect is entirely passive and does not require The Skull Merchant to inspect her Radar .
SPECIAL ABILITY: DEPLOY DRONE Press the Power button to deploy a Drone .
Active Mode : The deployed Drone automatically enters Active Mode after a short boot-up sequence.
In Active Mode , the Drone creates a circular Detection Zone around it and Players inside the Detection Zone experience the following effects:
If no Survivor is detected within the Detection Zone for a while, the Drone switches into Scouting Mode .
Scouting Mode : In Scouting Mode , the Drone carries out a sweeping scan of its surroundings by emitting two Laser beams. A Survivor crossing the Laser beam or just entering its Area of Effect while having a Claw Trap attached to them immediately causes the Drone to switch back into Active Mode .
Survivors can walk up to a Drone while avoiding the Laser beams to attempt Hacking it without being detected.
SPECIAL EFFECT: LOCK ON While a Survivor is within the Detection Zone of a Drone in Active Mode , the Lock On effect builds over the next 10 seconds , after which a Survivor is fully Locked On and experiences the following effects:
A Survivor's Lock On progress is visible to The Skull Merchant .
SPECIAL INTERACTION: INSPECTING RADAR Press and hold the Active Ability button to bring up a Radar . While inspecting the Radar , Survivors who are within the Detection Zone of a Drone or those who carry a Claw Trap will have their position revealed to you on the Radar and are represented as one of three symbols depending on their elevation:
SPECIAL INTERACTION: RECALLING DRONES While inspecting the Radar , aim at any Drone and press the Interaction button to recall it into your inventory.
SPECIAL INTERACTION: MANUALLY ACTIVATING DRONES While inspecting the Radar , aim at any Drone in Scouting Mode and press the Attack button to manually activate it, causing it to switch back into Active Mode .
SPECIAL INTERACTION: HACKING DRONES When approaching a Drone , a Survivor can attempt to hack the Drone and disable it. Hacking a Drone prompts a unique Quick Time Event for the Survivor:
SPECIAL TRAP: CLAW TRAP The Claw Trap continuously broadcasts its Survivor's position to the Radar . The Claw Trap has a Battery Life of 45 seconds , after which it is automatically destroyed.
Walking into the Area of Effect of any Drone while wearing a Claw Trap will cause the Drone to enter an unhackable state. If a Drone happens to be in Scouting Mode , it will also immediately switch into Active Mode .
Vaulting a Pallet while wearing a Claw Trap will cause that Pallet to break, destroying the Claw Trap in the process.
:This section only lists the differences to the current Power Trivia. HUD:


--- https://deadbydaylight.wiki.gg/wiki/Knight ---

Tarhos Kovács or "The Knight" is one of 42 Killers currently featured in Dead by Daylight .
He was introduced as the Killer of CHAPTER 26: Forged in Fog , a Chapter DLC released on 22 November 2022 and retired on 14 May 2024.
He is still available in the In-Game Store and as part of the Endless Hunt Pack Chapter Pack DLC.
The Knight is a strategic Killer, able to send his faithful Guards to hunt for Survivors and damage objects on the battlefield.
His personal Perks, Nowhere to Hide , Hex: Face the Darkness , and Hubris , allow him to reveal Survivors near Generators, curse Survivors to scream out in fear, and cause a Survivor who stuns you to become Exposed .
Tarhos Kovács didn’t remember much about his childhood, but what he did remember he would chase his entire life. He remembered the cries and screams in the village. He remembered his mother forcing him to swallow a thick, black fluid like medicine. He remembered collapsing to the hard floor only to awaken in a mass grave, buried under a crush of bodies, with the sound of the village burning in his ears. He remembered pushing, pulling, and climbing to the top of the bloody mass only to be seized by the death, destruction, and silence—the indifferent and impenetrable silence. A high-pitched whine suddenly sounded in his ears and his skin began to prickle as he realised he was in the presence of something he couldn’t possibly understand. And though he couldn’t articulate what he was experiencing, he knew it wasn’t pain, grief, or fear. It was something else. Something closer to—
As Tarhos tried to make sense of the moment, he didn’t notice the men who approached him from behind. He didn’t even react when they carried him off to a horse-drawn buggy and locked him up in a small, wooden cage with other slaves. He just stared at the scene, mesmerised. And even as they rode away telling him he was headed for Italy, Tarhos stared through the wooden cracks with eyes wide open and a heart wanting to understand what could not be understood.
From that day on, Tarhos belonged to the Guardia Compagnia where he trained under Kadir Hakam. There he learned to wield weapons, forge armour, and recite a code of chivalry to obediently serve those who would employ his services. As the years passed, Tarhos made few friends amongst the hostile and competitive mercenaries. But his skill, strength, and smarts attracted a small following who believed his courage brought them luck in battle and that one day he would help them earn their collective freedom. Three of his followers pledged their undying allegiance to Tarhos and came to be known as his faithful three. His pack.
Alejandro Santiago apprenticed with the Guardia Compagnia’s Armourer.
Durkos Malecek showed an aptitude for stealth and silent kills.
Sander Rault matched Tarhos in size and strength. His weapon of choice: a massive battle axe.
As the Guardia Compagnia carried out campaigns in faraway lands, Tarhos dispatched countless enemies. Years passed. Blood flowed. And yet, all that killing still didn’t bring Tarhos closer to what he had experienced in his village. Nevertheless, for his bravery in battle, Tarhos was granted knighthood and freedom. The Hungarian slave was now liberated, his brutality rewarded, though his heart still longed for something else — something he could not name or describe. Tired of taking orders from those he considered his inferiors, Tarhos left the Guardia Compagnia to strike out on his own. Their leader, however, refused to release his followers.
Determined to raise enough gold to liberate his followers, Tarhos found employment with a wealthy Italian Lord. Vittorio Toscano was the Duke of Portoscuro. He was also a scholar, a world traveller, and a collector of ancient knowledge that had been hidden by an unknown cabal of mystics. Tarhos joined Vittorio’s latest expedition to find a fragment of a pillar from an ancient school lost to time. A stone Vittorio called the Lapis Paradisus for he believed it held secrets to open a gateway into a perfect world beyond good and evil.
The expedition searched Roman ruins in France and crossed the Pyrenees Mountains into Spain where the path led to the catacombs beneath the Portuguese city of Sintra.
The citizens there considered the catacombs sacred. Tarhos would have to kill the villagers guarding the entrance to retrieve the stone. Not wanting to shed blood, Vittorio commanded Tarhos to find another way. But Tarhos — who had seen the most horrific acts committed under the guise of chivalry — refused to be dissuaded by pretences of honour. He waited for Vittorio to ride back to camp. Then, with a mighty roar, he pushed forward, cutting a path of blood and gore into the darkness until he had the stone in his grasp.
Upon returning to the town of Portoscuro, Tarhos imprisoned Vittorio in his own dungeon, demanding to know the meaning behind the symbols etched in the stone. When Vittorio refused to talk, Tarhos brutally tortured his friends and relatives and made horrific displays of their bodies in the streets. But nothing he did shook Vittorio’s resolve to keep the secrets of the stone from Tarhos. Enraged, Tarhos seized control of Vittorio’s riches and raised a small army. Within months, Tarhos fearlessly marched upon the Guardia Compagnia, decimating their barracks, freeing his followers, cutting down his enemies like twigs and collecting their ‘righteous’ heads for his growing displays of ‘valour.’
In time several lords in neighbouring provinces believed Tarhos was the very embodiment of evil. They banded together to create a ‘moral’ and ‘virtuous’ army to purge evil from Portoscuro. Tarhos ignored their threats. He viewed the lords as a cowardly lot who cloaked their greed and ambition in laws, codes, and platitudes. Laws and codes and platitudes designed to hide from the very darkness Tarhos embraced and accepted without judgment.
But, with his enemies on the march, Tarhos headed toward the dungeons to give Vittorio the death he deserved. He refused to afford him even the slightest hope of rescue. With dark intentions, he entered the small prison, wound his way into the bowels of the earth, and pushed through a torch-lit corridor. He hesitated for a moment, realising he would never learn Vittorio’s knowledge and secrets. But neither would anyone else. That was good enough for him. And so, he unlocked and kicked open the dungeon door. Two quick strides brought him to an empty, rat-infested chamber.
Tarhos stood silent for a moment, then a roar of indignation burst out of his lungs as the sounds of battle suddenly reverberated through the town. Instantly, he stumbled through the corridor, rushed up the twisting stairs, vaulted out of the moonlit doorway and charged through pools of gleaming blood and viscera, smashing and shattering his way through the enemy. The ‘moral’ and ‘virtuous’ lords rained flaming boulders and tree-trunks among the town, bursting through homes, crushing villagers like worms, pounding the ground and igniting stacks of hay and piles of lumber into massive tongues of fire.
Amidst the carnage and chaos, the pack found Tarhos, and back-to-back, they became a whirlwind of death. Some believed their courage gave them luck. Others believed something otherworldly protected them. Whatever it was, they alone felled dozens of warriors as easily as stomping and crushing beetles. And as they butchered the enemy, Tarhos didn’t notice the strange fog rising from the fallen corpses and clattering armour until he couldn’t see two inches in front of him in any direction.
Tarhos stumbled forward, groping in the thick fog like the dark fluid his mother forced down his throat all those years ago. His coordination and sense of direction was confused as he called out for his pack. How long he stumbled in the almost perfect darkness he did not know. But suddenly the fog dissipated to reveal a phantasmal wasteland of rotting bodies and burning villages and great crumbling towers leaning drunkenly on the horizon. He stared in awe. A familiar high-pitched whine sounded in his ears and his skin began to prickle. He stood transfixed, realising by some incredible chance, his heart had found exactly what it had been searching for all his life. He didn’t need Vittorio. He didn’t need the stone. He had found his paradise. He had found —
The table below lists additional Lore about The Knight from The Archives , either from Tomes that featured him or from individual Lore entries that mentioned him:
The Knight comes with 3 Perks that are unique to him:
If there is still a Dull Totem in the environment, Hex: Face the Darkness lights a Hex Totem after injuring a Survivor by any means, cursing them with its Hex Effects . While cursed, the following effects trigger once every 35 / 30 / 25 seconds on all other Survivors outside of the Terror Radius :
"I shall make an example of one. These mewling worms will never know peace." — Tarhos Kovács
Whenever a Survivor stuns you by any means, Hubris triggers its effect:
"You have made a grave mistake, standing in opposition to me this day." — Tarhos Kovács
Performing the Damage Generator action on a Generator triggers Nowhere to Hide :
Prestiging The Knight will automatically add Tier I of his Unique Perks to the inventories of all other Killers and unlock the ability for their higher-tiered versions to spawn in their Bloodweb .
Prestige The Knight twice more to automatically add Tier II and Tier III respectively into the other Killers' inventories.
The Imposing Claymore is the Primary Weapon of The Knight . A massive weapon capable of cleaving a foe in half, in the right hands.
"The Knight alone is a terrifying monster on the battlefield, but with his loyal Guards, he is nearly unstoppable. Together, the Guardia Compagnia fights for their own freedom, killing anyone who gets in their way." SPECIAL ABILITY: GUARDIA COMPAGNIA The Knight can summon his three loyal companions one at a time to patrol nearby areas, hunt Survivors, or perform tasks on his behalf. SPECIAL ABILITY: GUARD SUMMON Press and hold the Secondary Power button to cycle through the 3 Guards . Press and hold the Power button to enter the Guard Summon Mode . Press the Secondary Power button to exit it at any time.
While in the Guard Summon Mode , The Knight can move forwards at 13.8 m/s while steering with his camera, represented to Survivors as a Ghostly Orb that quickly fades to become invisible after exceeding 10 metres . Moving in this form leaves a trail known as the Patrol Path .
The Knight automatically exits the Guard Summon Mode after exceeding the maximum length of the Patrol Path of 32 metres or after 10 seconds have elapsed.
The Knight is unable to see Survivors in this mode, as well as their Scratch Marks and Pools of Blood , but can still see their interactions with the environment.
The Knight can summon a new Guard at any time while another one is already active, causing that one to de-spawn and go on cool-down. SPECIAL COMPANIONS: GUARDS Each of the 3 Guards comes with his own special abilities and has their own separate cool-down:
SPECIAL ABILITY: GUARD PATROL While in the Guard Summon Mode drawing a Patrol Path of at least 10 metres grants the ability to order a Guard Patrol , summoning a Guard at the far end of the Patrol Path , causing him to repeatedly walk it up and down until either the Power Gauge is depleted or he detects a nearby Survivor, which will initiate a Hunt . Additionally, the following effects apply, depending on the final length of the Patrol Path :
The Knight can cancel an active Patrol by hitting the Guard with a Basic Attack :
SPECIAL ABILITY: GUARD ORDER While in the Guard Summon Mode , press the Attack button while within 6 metres of a Breakable Wall , dropped Pallet , or partially repaired Generator to initiate a Guard Order , causing the summoned Guard to perform the Break or Damage action on the highlighted object.
A Guard Order regresses a Generator by -5 % . SPECIAL ATTACK: GUARD HUNT If a Survivor is inside the Detection range of a Guard and either in his line-of-sight or triggers a Loud Noise Notification , the Guard will detect their presence and phase through the environment, including through floors and across elevation, to reach their exact detected location over 2.5 seconds , after which he starts a Hunt , chasing after the Hunted Survivor :
Hunted Survivors can escape a Hunt unharmed by doing either of the following:
If The Knight comes within 8 metres of his Guard , the Depletion rate of the Hunt is increased by a factor of x3 . If either the Guard or The Knight damages the Hunted Survivor , the Hunt ends immediately and the former disappears. If the Guard downs the Hunted Survivor , they trigger Killer Instinct for 3 seconds .
Patrol Path Camera: It should be noted that  while drawing a Patrol Path , the position of the camera (the Green Orb ) is considered to be the location of The Knight , not where his body is physically located. This does not, however, influence Unlockables with distance-related activation conditions as of Patch 6.4.2 anymore.
Modifies the Patrol Path with the following effects:
Summoning The Carnifex has the following effect:
Summoning The Assassin has the following effect:
"They huddle in their villages like parasites! They have lost the drive for power." — Tarhos Kovács
"I fear he has left me here to die." — Vittorio Toscano
There are 2 Achievements related to The Knight :
Performing the Damage Generator action on a Generator triggers Nowhere to Hide :
If there is still a Dull Totem in the environment, Hex: Face the Darkness lights a Hex Totem after injuring a Survivor by any means, cursing them with its Hex Effects . While cursed, the following effects trigger once every 35 / 30 / 25 seconds on all other Survivors outside of the Terror Radius :
"I shall make an example of one. These mewling worms will never know peace." — Tarhos Kovács
Whenever a Survivor stuns you by any means, Hubris triggers its effect:
"You have made a grave mistake, standing in opposition to me this day." — Tarhos Kovács
Players can choose from a variety of Cosmetic options to customise The Knight :
"Have an amazing Winter season 2022!" - The Dead by Daylight Team
Tarhos was locked in gruesome battle with the most fearsome mercenary in the empire.
Tarhos was locked in brutal combat with a mercenary feared by all who knew his name.
How many eyes have gazed upon this weathered suit of armor before blinking their last?
Armor he was forced to wear by his lord.
Armor he was forced to wear by his lord, corrupted by the Rift.
Tarhos arrived at the village where his target was rumored to be hiding. The air was heavy with the stench of decay and despair.
A soft light shined through a hole in the rock, illuminating the human bones covering the entire cave floor.
A soft light shined through a hole in the rock, illuminating the human bones covering the entire cave floor.
A soft light shined through a hole in the rock, illuminating the human bones covering the entire cave floor.
A soft light shined through a hole in the rock, illuminating the human bones covering the entire cave floor.
His armor gave no indication of his humanity and made him look like an iron statue.
His armor gave no indication of his humanity and made him look like an iron statue.
His armor gave no indication of his humanity and made him look like an iron statue.
His armor gave no indication of his humanity and made him look like an iron statue.
Years of battle wore at his protection, but not his resolve.
Earlier iterations of his gear utilized whatever protective materials his company could find.
He was rarely more intimidating than he was in this armor.
Along the road between nations, he and his men came across another band of armored travelers.
Along the road between nations, he and his men came across another band of armored travelers.
An armor he forged himself, knowing the fear he wanted to inspire.
The thieves heard of an ancient relic hidden in a cave. An encampment had surrounded the cave, so they knew they'd have to be careful.
Captured by creeping ivy in the fog, he let his burning desire for chaos consume him, changing him.
Tarhos was locked in gruesome battle with the most fearsome mercenary in the empire.
The boy was unique among the slaves bound for Italy. While others were gripped by fear, he was entranced by visions of blood and fire.
Armor he was forced to wear by his lord.
He left the warcamp behind, walking toward the rising moon. His sole objective was to find the mythical King of the Wild Hunt.
His latest conquest was a superstitious farming community with a harvest big enough to feed his army.
A soft light shined through a hole in the rock, illuminating the human bones covering the entire cave floor.
Something in The Entity’s Realm brought him to the brink of death… and back again.
The Knight has 2 alternate Character models available in the in-game Store:


--- https://deadbydaylight.wiki.gg/wiki/Mastermind ---

Albert Wesker or "The Mastermind" is one of 42 Killers currently featured in Dead by Daylight .
He was introduced as the Killer of CHAPTER 25: Resident Evil™: PROJECT W , a Chapter DLC released on 30 August 2022.
He originates from the video game franchise Resident Evil , specifically Resident Evil 5 (2009).
Albert Wesker is a brilliant and ruthless mastermind infused with the Power of Uroboros.
His personal Perks, Superior Anatomy , Awakened Awareness , and Terminus , allow him to vault faster, see other Survivors' Auras while carrying one, and cause Survivors to be permanently Broken when the Exit Gates are powered.
Albert Wesker was a high-ranking official in the Umbrella Corporation. While he made great strides with Umbrella, his ambition drove him to betray the corporation. Believing himself the best test subject, he exposed himself to the Prototype virus. Now with superhuman strength, Wesker faked his death and went underground with a new plan: expose the world to Uroboros, a biological weapon that would eliminate the weak and leave only the strong.
Wesker began to put his plan to action in Africa but was confronted by members of the Bioterrorism Security Assessment Alliance at a hangar stocked with missiles carrying Uroboros. Determined to be at the vanguard of evolution, he once again made himself a test subject. Exposing himself to Uroboros, he began to evolve in ways he could have never imagined. But as he felt his cells change, a strange black fog seeped into the hangar and filled his vision. When the fog finally dissipated, he found himself in another world surrounded by lesser beings that deserved to be put out of their misery.
The Mastermind comes with 3 Perks that are unique to him:
While carrying a Survivor, you benefit from the following effect:
Whenever a Survivor performs a Rush Vault action within 12 metres of your location, Superior Anatomy activates:
Once the Exit Gates are powered, Terminus activates:
Prestiging The Mastermind will automatically add Tier I of his Unique Perks to the inventories of all other Killers and unlock the ability for their higher-tiered versions to spawn in their Bloodweb .
Prestige The Mastermind twice more to automatically add Tier II and Tier III respectively into the other Killers' inventories.
The Combat Knife is the Primary Weapon of The Mastermind . A vicious blade with a serrated edge to aid in tearing up his opponents.
"The Mastermind can barrel forwards, infecting Survivors with the Uroboros Virus or leaping over obstacles." SPECIAL ABILITY: VIRULENT BOUND The Mastermind starts the Trial with 2 Tokens . SPECIAL ATTACK: BOUND ATTACK Press and hold the Power button to charge Virulent Bound , reducing his Movement speed to 3.68 m/s while he prepares to strike. Press the Attack button to initiate a Bound Attack , consuming -1 Token , or release the Power button to cancel it. Press the Attack button again during the Chain Bound Window of 2 seconds to initiate a second, longer Bound Attack , if there is still a Token available:
SPECIAL INTERACTION: SURVIVOR COLLISION Colliding with a Survivor at any point during a Bound Attack has multiple possible effects and interactions, which depend on the Survivor's current state regarding their health, infection, and interaction:
SPECIAL INTERACTION: VIRULENT VAULT Colliding with a dropped Pallet or a Window during a Bound Attack causes The Mastermind to automatically vault over it.
SPECIAL AFFLICTION: UROBOROS INFECTION Uroboros grows in strength over time, which is indicated with an Infection Meter on the Survivor Portraits in the HUD:
Being hooked resets the Infection Meter to 1 Charge .
Once the Infection Meter is full at 100 Charges , Infected Survivors become Critically Infected :
SPECIAL ITEM: FIRST AID SPRAY Survivors can cure themselves or other Survivors from Uroboros by locating a Supply Case and searching it for a First Aid Spray :
Bound Ranges: The Mastermind's Bounds do not have a fixed range, only their individual durations and their shared Movement speeds are defined in code. Due to this and the Bounds having acceleration curves, an exact calculation of their range is not possible without in-depth developer-knowledge, only approximations.
"The balance of the world is changing… and you're completely oblivious to it." — Ricardo Irving
"The entire world will be infected. A new Genesis is at hand and I will be the creator!" — Albert Wesker
"Only a handful of humans truly matter. Everyone else is just so much chaff. So now I have to separate this chaff from the wheat." — Albert Wesker
Used exclusively in 2v8 Trials, the Innate Skill modifies Virulent Bound with the following effects:
There are 2 Achievements related to The Mastermind :
Whenever a Survivor performs a Rush Vault action within 12 metres of your location, Superior Anatomy activates:
While carrying a Survivor, you benefit from the following effect:
Once the Exit Gates are powered, Terminus activates:
Players can choose from a variety of Cosmetic options to customise The Mastermind :
His time leading a S.T.A.R.S. team was really a cover for more underhanded motivations.
He maintained constant communication with his agents while they were in the field.
Nobody could predict the complex interactions that would occur between the serum and Uroboros, but that didn’t stop him from testing it on himself.
The Mastermind is part of ' 1 DLC:


--- https://deadbydaylight.wiki.gg/wiki/Dredge ---

The Dredge is one of 42 Killers currently featured in Dead by Daylight .
It was introduced as the Killer of CHAPTER 24: Roots of Dread , a Chapter DLC released on 7 June 2022 and retired on 14 May 2024.
It is still available in the In-Game Store and as part of the Endless Hunt Pack Chapter Pack DLC.
The Dredge is a manifestation of the dark thoughts of a once-vibrant community, able to teleport between Lockers and summon an overwhelming darkness.
Its personal Perks, Dissolution , Darkness Revealed , and Septic Touch , allow it to destroy Pallets, spot Survivors near Lockers, and afflict healing Survivors with Blindness and Exhausted .
The Fold was founded on a private American island in the 1960s by a group of anonymous philanthropists. Their goal was to establish a peaceful society free of dark thoughts and emotions, attracting the dismayed, disenchanted, and disillusioned from all over the country.
This peace-loving community thrived over the years, and members freely followed the dictates of its charismatic leader Otto Stamper who taught his followers the secret of maintaining happiness through joy-talk, meditation, and the endless reciting of 'good-thinking' mantras.
But not all was bliss within The Fold, and Otto swiftly banished anyone who confessed to having dark thoughts or speaking dark words. Those he appointed as guardians of The Fold were quick to root out malcontents, banishing anyone who thought or spoke against the almost perfect community he had established.
Life was more or less a Utopian dream on the island. Until, that is, the darkness began to slowly leak through the cracks of their spiritual dam and members began to mysteriously disappear.
It wasn't long before fear closed its septic jaws on the island and refused to let go.
The once happy community now gathered in a few homes chanting all the 'good-thinking' mantras in a desperate attempt to rid their lives of this formless creature that seemed to stalk them in the shadows and consume them in their sleep.
Otto tried to quell his followers, telling them that there were malcontents among their ranks and that they alone had summoned the Druanee to their Garden of Joy.
As The Fold bleated fear, Otto evoked desperate measures. Ottomarians were restricted to their homes to prevent the spread of rumours and dark-talk while sleep was forbidden to prevent anyone from releasing dark dreams into the world. Freedom and sleep would return just as soon as the Druanee was no longer upon them.
But when Ottomarians continued to disappear, Otto assembled his followers near the beach where he placed a screaming woman on a wooden stage. There, in the rain, Otto explained to his drenched, alienated, and sleep-deprived congregation that the woman was a journalist here to destroy everything they had created.
As the guardians held the trembling woman, she screamed that Otto wasn't the saviour he claimed to be. He belonged to an ancient cult, an exclusive club of billionaires that took pleasure in corrupting and sacrificing people, towns and even countries to an Elder God. The journalist told them Otto hadn't banished anyone! He had tortured and sacrificed them and that they would all be next.
Without hesitation, Otto slit her throat before she could continue to spread lies. As she collapsed to her knees with her hands clasped around her neck, he told his confused and terrified herd that she was working with others within their ranks and that they needed to find the impostors before the Druanee came for them all.
Otto's words shot over the congregation and reached into the murky recesses of their hearts and dredged up dark and fearful things.
Years of suppressed emotions began to bubble up as a thick fog pushed through restless legs and feet. Whispers began, and the whispers became panicked mantras, and the mantras became screams and curses as each member accused the next of malthinking and malspeaking.
Over the howling wind and pounding rain, the screams and curses grew louder and louder as everyone desperately tried to contain the darkness within. But the harder they tried, the quicker they ailed, and within moments the dam burst to release a torrent of hell.
Otto watched his once blissful and joyful herd suddenly erupt into violence unlike anything he had ever seen before. The Fold bleated accusations and tore each other to bits and pieces with hands and teeth and never once did they look up to see their kind and charismatic shepherd smiling down upon them with eyes that were cold, bleak and without pity.
When it was all over, Otto felt the creaking, wooden stage shake as a murder of crows circled above. Suddenly, the ground rose and then sank into a thick, oozing black mud like molasses. Moments later, a formless mass squelched out of the muck and rose like a rearing horse to feed upon the writhing mass of butchered humanity.
It was everywhere and nowhere at once as it slowly picked its way through the carnage, absorbing the darkness, savouring the misery, trailing terrible noises. Shrieks. Cries. Whimpers. Pops. Cracks.
Otto watched the creature as it slowly began to manifest into the very thing he had imagined—the very thing he had made them all imagine.
It turned slowly to look at Otto for a long silent moment, then the Druanee trudged away through the thick black sludge, disappearing into the shadows from which it had come.
The Dredge comes with 3 Perks that are unique to it:
Searching a Locker has the following effect:
"Stay in the light, my children. In darkness, your fear will expose you." — Otto Stamper
After 3 seconds of injuring a Survivor by any means, Dissolution activates for 12 / 16 / 20 seconds :
Whenever a Survivor performs a Healing action while inside the Terror Radius , they suffer from the following effects:
Prestiging The Dredge will automatically add Tier I of its Unique Perks to the inventories of all other Killers and unlock the ability for their higher-tiered versions to spawn in their Bloodweb .
Prestige The Dredge twice more to automatically add Tier II and Tier III respectively into the other Killers' inventories.
The Knotted Appendage is the Primary Weapon of The Dredge . Some of the body parts formed into a crude and horrifying weapon.
"Like a dark thought, The Dredge is difficult to shake. And when night falls, it is nearly impossible." SPECIAL ABILITY: REIGN OF DARKNESS The Dredge starts the Trial with 3 Tokens .
Press and hold the Power button to activate The Gloaming while leaving a Remnant behind:
SPECIAL LOCOMOTION: THE GLOAMING While roaming the environment in this state, the Auras of all Lockers are revealed to The Dredge
Press the Secondary Power button to consume -1 Token and teleport into any Locker at a speed of 19 m/s . Press it again while inside a Locker to teleport into another Locker until all Tokens are consumed.
Press the Attack button to cancel The Gloaming and instantly return to the Remnant , if it is still available. The Remnant is removed after the first teleport or when a Survivor collides with it.
The Gloaming has a cool-down of 10 seconds during Daytime and 4 seconds during Nightfall . SPECIAL INTERACTION: HIDING INSIDE LOCKERS After teleporting to a Locker The Dredge sits inside it and can observe the environment outside. While there is no time limit to this, nearby Survivors will hear a warning sound after 8 seconds have elapsed.
Press the Interaction button to exit the Locker .
If The Dredge teleports into a Locker already occupied by a Survivor, it will trap the Survivor and emerge from the Locker carrying them. This also happens when a Survivor interacts with a Locker in any way that is already occupied by The Dredge . SPECIAL INTERACTION: LOCKING LOCKERS All Lockers spawn with an open latch on their door that Survivors can interact with to close it and lock the door. Locked Lockers cannot be entered by Survivors and take priority when The Dredge teleports to them.
The Dredge takes 2.25 seconds to open a Locked Locker from the inside, making a lot of noise in the process. Once The Dredge emerges from a Locked Locker , its lock is broken permanently. The Dredge can also break the lock from the outside by hitting it with a Basic Attack . SPECIAL AFFLICTION: NIGHTFALL The Nightfall Meter fills passively at a rate of +0.25 c/s during Daytime . The fill rate is accelerated whenever The Dredge uses its Power and when Survivors are injured or hooked:
Once the Nightfall Meter is full at 300 Charges , Nightfall begins and lasts for 60 seconds , forcing Survivors to navigate the environment in near-total darkness while The Dredge benefits from clearer vision and several effects:
Nightfall VFX: During Nightfall , to counteract the darkness, the Survivors show special visual effects on their model, akin to an Aura, which cannot be read through objects, however. This effect has the following requirements for it to be seen:
"Like a predatory beast, it can smell and track blood."
"She came here to poison your minds with fear! Do not let the fear in!" — Otto Stamper
"There are imposters amongst you! They intend to destroy our perfect home with dark thoughts. Find them and bring them to me!" — Otto Stamper
There are 2 Achievements related to The Dredge :
After 3 seconds of injuring a Survivor by any means, Dissolution activates for 12 / 16 / 20 seconds :
Searching a Locker has the following effect:
"Stay in the light, my children. In darkness, your fear will expose you." — Otto Stamper
Whenever a Survivor performs a Healing action while inside the Terror Radius , they suffer from the following effects:
Players can choose from a variety of Cosmetic options to customise The Dredge :
"Have an amazing Winter season 2022!" - The Dead by Daylight Team
She was just a child, but she would never forget the day she and her family moved into their new home. Design inspired by Ivana Krovinova
Amidst the screams and violence, he saw a figure draped in a white sheet. It was a familiar sight that chilled him to the bone. Design inspired by urouroutsuro .
He was a man of faith until the end, clinging to positivity even as he was trampled into the sand by the fleeing crowd.
He was a man of faith until the end, clinging to positivity even as he was trampled into the sand by the fleeing crowd.
He was a man of faith until the end, clinging to positivity even as he was trampled into the sand by the fleeing crowd.
He was a man of faith until the end, clinging to positivity even as he was trampled into the sand by the fleeing crowd.
A blend of terrifying toys made from the lost memories of children.
An unsettled creature made from the lost memories of children.
The bodies of those sacrificed were torn mercilessly, forming hideous scars and scabs.
Torn asunder and left to the elements, the flesh became sickly and grim.
Unaging and unfeeling, its muscle grew over with local vegetation between victims.
There was no sign of Maurice, but the memory of him was reflected in The Dredge’s darkness.
It arrived at some kind of party, its body adorned in gold and bright colors.
She froze at the sight of dark antlers looming over her. This thing was reaching into the dark recesses of her memory.
From the subconscious of the cold and scared emerged a horrifying creature of ice and malice.
With its flesh decayed, only a sickening collection of bones remains.
As it decayed, it replaced parts of itself with anything even resembling a human, particularly those that struck fear.
Amidst the chaos and violence on that beach, the loyal follower attacked his neighbor as their leader looked on.
They crossed a field of warriors’ remains and bones, nourishing themselves with the flavor of death.
Many terrible forms of Eddie merged into one, a nightmarish chimera of haunting shapes.
Everything had gone terribly wrong. He tried to run, but the sand gave way beneath his feet and he fell.
A blend of terrifying toys made from the lost memories of children.
The Dredge has 2 alternate Character models available in the in-game Store:


--- https://deadbydaylight.wiki.gg/wiki/Onryō ---

Sadako Yamamura (Japanese: 山村 貞子) or "The Onryō" is one of 42 Killers currently featured in Dead by Daylight .
She was introduced as the Killer of CHAPTER 23: Sadako Rising , a Chapter DLC released on 8 March 2022.
She originates from the 1998 Horror movie Ring (Japanese: リング, Ringu ).
The Onryō is a vengeful ghost imbued with the power of Nensha, The Onryō is able to silently and invisibly traverse the Realm, manifesting when she is ready to strike.
Her personal Perks, Scourge Hook: Floods of Rage , Call of Brine , and Merciless Storm , allow her to expose hidden Survivors, survey Generators, and hamper Repair progress.
A powerful and lethal onryō, Sadako Yamamura was the daughter of a famed seer from Izu Oshima, Japan.
Her mother left many questions unanswered. In her hometown, sailors disliked the way her mother would spend days on the beach, her eyes fixed on the foaming waves of the sea. Some said, frolic in brine, goblins be thine--if you keep playing in the water, the monster will come for you.
Nine months later, Sadako was born. As a child, her immense powers seemed impossible to control and flared in anger. This became apparent when she was unable to control her rage during a public demonstration of her mother’s powers. When a journalist called her mother a fraud, Sadako’s powers surged, and the journalist collapsed on the floor, struck dead.
Then everything went wrong. Her mother passed away and shortly after Sadako was lured to an old, crumbling well. As she leaned over the rim, a long shadow fell over her. She turned and a sudden jolt of pain hit her over the head, cracking it open. Her vision dimmed and her mind swirled into unconsciousness. She felt two hands pushing her over the rim.
Pain exploded in her skull as she hit the cold ground. A grinding noise came from above and the well darkened, all light obscured like a midday eclipse.
Every inch of her body screamed in pain. Looking up, she saw the only way out. She dug her nails into the muddy ground and slowly crawled toward the cobbled wall. She gripped the stones to climb but had neither hold nor strength. Each time she clawed up a few inches, her nails slid against the wet wall and she slipped down. Her fingers gushed with blood as the coarse cobblestone tore off her nails and lacerated the flesh underneath. And yet she tried, again and again.
Decades later, the meadow became a resort, and a log cabin was built above the well. When a visitor rented the cabin, Sadako found an opportunity for revenge. She summoned all her nensha power and projected a terrible curse on a videotape that killed its viewer after seven days.
Her wrath was like the tides of a stormy sea, violent and unforgiving. As she plunged into a fury, a dark fog coiled at her feet. The sound of crashing waves echoed through the old stone well.
Suddenly, a tidal surge came crashing down on the cabin's walls, wrecking its logs into a torrent of mud and filth. The black current flooded the well underneath and swallowed Sadako at once.
When she opened her eyes, she stood on a desolate beach facing a vast, stormy ocean. A thick, black fog caressed the water's surface.
Sadako walked into a coming wave and slowly disappeared into the opaque fog.
The Onryō comes with 3 Perks that are unique to her:
After performing the Damage Generator action on a Generator , Call of Brine applies its effects to it for 70 seconds :
Whenever a Generator reaches 90 % of Repair progression, Merciless Storm triggers its effect:
At the start of the Trial, 4 Hooks in the environment are changed into Scourge Hooks :
Each time a Survivor is unhooked from a Scourge Hook , the following effects apply:
Prestiging The Onryō will automatically add Tier I of her Unique Perks to the inventories of all other Killers and unlock the ability for their higher-tiered versions to spawn in their Bloodweb .
Prestige The Onryō twice more to automatically add Tier II and Tier III respectively into the other Killers' inventories.
The Ring of Fury is the Primary Weapon of The Onryō . Her thirst for vengeance remained and nothing could stop her flooding rage.
"Through the medium of a mysterious videotape, Sadako spreads her curse to unwitting viewers and causes their untimely deaths." SPECIAL ABILITY: DELUGE OF FEAR The Onryō starts the Trial in the Demanifested State , which has the following effects:
SPECIAL ABILITY: MANIFESTATION / DEMANIFESTATION Press the Power button while Demanifested to Manifest and be able to attack and interact with Survivors. Press the Power button while Manifested to Demanifest again. SPECIAL PROP: TV TVs spawn randomly throughout the environment. They are turned off at the start of the Trial, but turn on automatically after 30 seconds . They become turned off for 70 seconds after a Survivor inserts a VHS Tape or for 45 seconds after The Onryō projects through it.
TVs have an Area of Effect of 16 metres around them within which they apply Condemned and any other applicable effects. SPECIAL LOCOMOTION: PROJECTION Press the Secondary Power button while Demanifested to project yourself to any powered TV in the environment. If the Power Gauge is full when projecting, all Survivors within the Area of Effect of any powered TV receive +1 Stack of Condemned .
After a Projection , her Movement speed is increased to 6.9 m/s for 2 seconds . SPECIAL AFFLICTION: CONDEMNED Interacting with the Power of The Onryō causes Survivors to gain Condemned , slowly filling their Condemned Meter . Hooking a Survivor locks in some of their Condemned making the affected Stacks impossible to remove:
Once the Condemned Meter is full at 7 Stacks , they are in mortal danger from the Inexorable Stare . SPECIAL INTERACTION: INEXORABLE STARE Upon reaching full Condemned the affected Survivors triggers Killer Instinct for 6 seconds . Press the Secondary Power button while standing over a downed and fully Condemned Survivor to execute them on the spot, performing a Mini-Mori . SPECIAL INTERACTIONS: RETRIEVING TAPE / TURNING OFF TV Survivors can walk up to any powered TV and interact with it to retrieve its Cursed Tape , which temporarily turns it off and prevents The Onryō from projecting to it.
Inserting the Cursed Tape into a different TV spreads the message of The Onryō and removes -3 Stacks of Condemned .
Passive Condemned (unused mechanic):
Unused - Phasing Through Objects: Data for this unused mechanic was added in Patch 7.1.0 , simply titled "Phasing Through Objects" internally. Based on the title, it likely would've allowed The Onryō to phase through gameplay props while Demanifested .
"Why is it only you were saved?" — Sadaoka Yamamura
"Frolic in brine, goblins be thine." — Message hidden in Sakado's Tape
"I saw a weird video the other day... after it ended, someone called us. Some kind of prank call." — Tomoko Oishi
"That video... It's not of this world. It's Sadako's rage." — Ryuji Takayama
"She killed a man just by willing him dead. That's power of a different order from her mother." — Ryuji Takayama
There are 2 Achievements related to The Onryō :
At the start of the Trial, 4 Hooks in the environment are changed into Scourge Hooks :
Each time a Survivor is unhooked from a Scourge Hook , the following effects apply:
After performing the Damage Generator action on a Generator , Call of Brine applies its effects to it for 70 seconds :
Whenever a Generator reaches 90 of Repair progression, Merciless Storm triggers its effect:
Players can choose from a variety of Cosmetic options to customise The Onryō :
Boils spread beneath her rotting skin due to over-injection.
Down in the depths of her prison, Sadako thought she could see bright red flowers growing from the muddy ground.
She dug her nails into the muddy ground and slowly crawled toward the cobbled wall inside the well. She gripped the stones to climb but had no hold or strength.
For more, go to Onryō's Gallery


--- https://deadbydaylight.wiki.gg/wiki/Artist ---

Carmina Mora or "The Artist" is one of 42 Killers currently featured in Dead by Daylight .
She was introduced as the Killer of CHAPTER 22: Portrait of a Murder , a Chapter DLC released on 30 November 2021 and retired on 14 May 2024.
She is still available in the In-Game Store and as part of the Endless Hunt Pack Chapter Pack DLC.
The Artist is a ranged-reconnaissance Killer, able to launch Birds of Torment across the Map to reveal and attack Survivors.
Her personal Perks, Grim Embrace , Scourge Hook: Pain Resonance , and Hex: Pentimento , allow her to interrupt Survivor objectives, torment hooked Survivors, and use destroyed Totems to her advantage.
Carmina Mora was a gifted artist who carried the guilt of her young brother's death. Growing up a rugged coastal village in southern Chile, she sketched the sublime landscapes of Patagonia. Sitting outside, she painted dramatic fjords while feeding the crows nested in the tree next to the house.
She grew up carrying the guilt of her mother's sudden departure. Her father blamed Carmina for her mother's abandonment, which added to her grief. She became the caretaker of Matias, her little brother, despite still being a child herself.
A year later, Carmina was painting with Matias outside when the telephone rang. Her father remained in the yard, drinking his beer. Carmina rushed to the house to answer the phone and hung up a few seconds later. When she returned outside, Matias was nowhere to be seen. She asked her father, but he had paid no attention to Matias. She called her brother's name, looking for him everywhere. While searching, she saw a bright red coat floating on the narrow creek by the house — Matias' jacket. She jumped into the creek and found him floating on the surface with vacant eyes, unblinking. He had fallen and drowned.
Her scream tore the sky. Her father found Carmina sobbing on the creek's shore, clutching her brother's body in her arms, surrounded by a murder of crows. Her father snatched Matias's body away from her, and she cried until her voice broke.
The following morning, the world was cloaked in darkness. Her father did not say a word, because he did not have to. Carmina knew it was all her fault. Months passed, yet her loss was as fresh as morning dew. Crippled with self-loathing, she could no longer paint. Without Matias, life had no meaning.
On the bleak morning of Matias' birthday, Carmina walked to a narrow bridge several blocks away from home. She was convinced that nothing could bring her relief. Her mother was gone, her brother was dead, and her father blamed her for it all. She was convinced that she had nothing left to live for. Carmina walked to the railing of the bridge that stood over the turbulent river. Locals had nicknamed the spot DeathLeap. Several cars drove by Carmina, but none stopped. No one seemed to care. She climbed over the railing and her legs wobbled as she stood on the lip of the bridge. She looked down, watching the fierce river smash into a giant boulder. She closed her eyes.
Suddenly, a cacophony of caws filled the sky. Carmina opened her eyes and saw a black cloud of feathers flying towards her. The cloud split open and glossy black crows dove from the sky. One landed on her shoulder and stared intently into Carmina's eyes, as if peering into her soul. Her grip on the railing loosened and the crow cawed raucously. Carmina stared at the crow, confused.
Another crow landed on the railing, then another. Soon, a flock of crows were covering the railing of the bridge, staying close to her. She felt their heavy stare on her, calculative and enigmatic, as if they were assessing her. She looked down for a second and a thunder of caws interrupted her dark impulse. The crows seemed to care about her wellbeing. As she dangled over the edge with the wind blowing through her raven hair, Carmina felt akin to them. For the first time since Matias had died, Carmina did not feel alone.
She returned home, giving life another chance. The crows left, but Carmina suspected that if anything happened to her, they would return.
Inspired by her ordeal, Carmina picked up a brush. In the weeks that followed, she painted her experience, using black ink to depict the DeathLeap with a black cloud of feathers, the murder of crows that saved her life. The experience was transformative and launched her signature, black-ink surrealist art.
After several years, some colour pierced the darkness, and this shift of medium expanded her art form. She painted large-scale murals on busy street corners, designed grandiose costumes, and recited militant poetry. Carmina's art displayed local, intimate tragedies on a large scale, making them impossible to ignore. And everywhere she performed, crows followed.
Her performances grew bold and drew the attention of artists who found her style invigorating. She grew close to a group of painters who understood her iconoclastic vision. Her performances launched the Large-Scale Surrealist movement, which became a phenomenon.
Her renown grew enough to attract the commission of a multinational enterprise, The Vack Label. Carmina investigated the group, discovering that they gifted art pieces to select disreputable congressmen. Vack's commissioned artists seemed to disappear afterward.
Determined to expose the group's link to corrupt politics, Carmina accepted Vack's commission. The following week, Carmina painted a giant mural on a cemetery's columbarium, displaying the Vack Label logo as a surrealist grim reaper harvesting the fields of Chilean families. She wore a theatrical dress as she painted, on which she had stitched a poem about political revolution.
The piece sparked a radical debate about corruption. The controversy painted a target on Carmina's back. After receiving anonymous death threats, she took refuge in her father's house, bringing along her closest friends for safety.
That night, a gang of masked gunmen broke into the house. They swiftly subdued Carmina and her friends, threw them in a van, and drove off.
The following morning, a dry breeze blew sand on Carmina's face, awakening her. She was seated in a chair in the middle of the desert, with her legs tied and her hands handcuffed. Her friends were lying on the ground, tied up. A shadow fell over her face. Carmina looked up.
A man dressed in a long robe with his face hidden in a dark hood approached her. He pulled a silvery knife from his robe.
He grabbed her hands and recited a hymn in an unfamiliar language. Carmina held his gaze. He paused and brought down his blade with a sudden blow.
She cried in agony as her friends woke to a terrible sight; Carmina's severed hands falling in the sand.
The hooded man smiled in satisfaction. "How are you going to paint now?" Carmina cursed and screamed at him, wriggling against the bonds on her legs.
The man grabbed Carmina's chin. She spit in his face.
He grunted and pried her mouth open, pulling out her tongue. Carmina struggled in his hold. In a violent blow, he chopped off Carmina's tongue.
She howled in anguish. The man wiped his blade on his robe, leaving a trail of blood. "How are you going to recite poems now?"
Sorrow swelled in Carmina's chest, sharper than pain. Overwhelmed by uncontrollable rage, grief and loss overcame her senses. She had lost her little brother. And she had lost the only way to cope with such pain. Carmina screamed like on the day her brother died.
Raucous caws echoed through the wasteland. The sky was obscured by a cyclone of dark clouds. Black feathers fell on Carmina's bleeding arms. She looked up and saw a torrent of crows erupting from the clouds, diving on the hooded man.
As the ravenous crows pecked at his flesh mercilessly, Carmina smiled, watching her Surrealist art coming to life.
But her heart lurched with rage when she saw the crows move on to their next target, her friends on the ground. She screamed as waves of pain, guilt, and fright overwhelmed her. But it was in vain, the ravenous crows were uncontrollable.
Darkness fell over her eyes as her friends' agonising screams grew more acute. Death was coming and again, it was her fault.
A deep, Black Fog engulfed her.
The table below lists additional Lore about The Artist from The Archives , either from Tomes that featured her or from individual Lore entries that mentioned her:
The Artist comes with 3 Perks that are unique to her:
Each time a Survivor is hooked for the first time, Grim Embrace gains +1 Token and activates once you are at least 16 metres away from the Hook :
Unlocks potential in your Aura-reading ability:
The Hex Effects persist until the Hex Totem is either blessed or cleansed by a Survivor, disabling it for the remainder of the Trial.
"Though a pentimento is an inherently concealed piece of art, there is something to be said of the desire to discover that which is beyond." — A Guide to Art & Process (1961)
At the start of the Trial, 4 Hooks in the environment are changed into Scourge Hooks :
Whenever a Survivor is hooked onto a Scourge Hook for the first time, Scourge Hook: Pain Resonance consumes -1 Token and applies the following effects:
"The pain spills beyond flesh/darkness staining the horizon." — Girl in the Shadow by Carmina Mora
Prestiging The Artist will automatically add Tier I of her Unique Perks to the inventories of all other Killers and unlock the ability for their higher-tiered versions to spawn in their Bloodweb .
Prestige The Artist twice more to automatically add Tier II and Tier III respectively into the other Killers' inventories.
The Sharp Palette Blade is the Primary Weapon of The Artist . The absurd edges of reality forged a sharp blade out of the palette knife she once used to paint her murals.
"From a wellspring of eternal agony comes a swarm of darkness, a wild and ferocious murder of ink black crows." SPECIAL ABILITY: BIRDS OF TORMENT The Artist starts the Trial with 3 Tokens .
Press the Power button to charge Birds of Torment and visualise a Flight Path in front of her. Press the Attack button to consume -1 Token to summon a Dire Crow that faces in the direction of the Flight Path . Press it again to summon another Dire Crow for each remaining Token. SPECIAL ATTACK: DIRE CROWS Dire Crows can stay idling for up to 10 seconds , before they dissolve. The timer is reset each time a new Dire Crow is summoned. The Auras of all Dire Crows are revealed to The Artist at all times.
Survivors coming into contact with idling Dire Crows are swarmed, but cause them to dissolve instantly.
Press the Secondary Power button to launch all available Dire Crows in the direction of their individual Flight Paths . While travelling on their Flight Path of 7.5 metres , Dire Crows can damage Survivors coming into contact with them. Once a Dire Crow flies past its Flight Path or collides with an obstacle in the environment while still on it, it transforms into a Swarm . SPECIAL INTERACTION: SWARM Swarms continue travelling across the environment, while passing through any environmental obstacles. The Auras of travelling Swarms are revealed to all Players at all times. Swarms trigger Killer Instinct for 3 seconds on all Survivors too close to their path while travelling past them, unless the Survivors are crouching, which avoids detection.
When a Swarm collides with a Survivor, it starts swarming them with a Murder of Crows . The Auras of Murder of Crows are revealed to The Artist at all times, unless the Swarmed Survivors start repelling them, causing it to be hidden after 2.5 seconds . When a Swarm collides with a Swarmed Survivor , they are damaged. SPECIAL INTERACTION: REPELLING Swarmed Survivors can perform the Repel interaction for 8 second to remove the Murder of Crows . They can also instantly remove it by entering a Locker .
If Swarmed Survivors collide with an idling Dire Crow while performing the Repel interaction, the action is reset.
"Perhaps, covered in darkness as I was, they saw me as one of their own." — Carmina Mora
"See you soon, Matias." — Carmina Mora
"How are you going to paint now?" — Hooded Man
"How are you going to tell poems now?" — Hooded Man
"I see no salvation in the rot." — Carmina Mora
"They saved me when I could not save myself." — Carmina Mora
There are 2 Achievements related to The Artist :
Each time a Survivor is hooked for the first time, Grim Embrace gains +1 Token and activates once you are at least 16 metres away from the Hook :
At the start of the Trial, 4 Hooks in the environment are changed into Scourge Hooks :
Whenever a Survivor is hooked onto a Scourge Hook for the first time, Scourge Hook: Pain Resonance consumes -1 Token and applies the following effects:
"The pain spills beyond flesh/darkness staining the horizon." — Girl in the Shadow by Carmina Mora
Unlocks potential in your Aura-reading ability:
The Hex Effects persist until the Hex Totem is either blessed or cleansed by a Survivor, disabling it for the remainder of the Trial.
"Though a pentimento is an inherently concealed piece of art, there is something to be said of the desire to discover that which is beyond." — A Guide to Art & Process (1961)
Players can choose from a variety of Cosmetic options to customise The Artist :
"Have a fantastic holiday season and a bloody good new year!" —The Dead by Daylight Team
One of the up-and-coming artists she lived with worked day and night on a mixed-media piece.
She struggled to hold on to the memories of the up-and-coming artists she once called friends.
She studied the self-portrait. Something about it felt off, different from what she remembered.
She embraced the unknown, ready to paint everything she wanted.
She embraced a new beginning, ready to paint everything she wanted.
She wore this horrifying ensemble as she completed an enormous mural about the corruption of humanity. Design inspired by Aspriin .
To share her view of reality as an absurd abstraction, she painted large-scale murals, wearing different gowns for each performance.
To share her view of reality as an absurd abstraction, she painted large-scale murals, wearing different gowns for each performance.
Stripes lurked in the corner of her mind, finding its place in the large-scale mural she painted under a gleaming full moon.
One of the up-and-coming artists she lived with worked day and night on a mixed-media piece.
She drew inspiration from nature to design a dramatic dress symbolizing her rebirth as an artist.
She studied the self-portrait. Something about it felt off, different from what she remembered.
She embraced the unknown, ready to paint everything she wanted.
As the fog lifted around her, she felt thick ribbons of blood-like ink all over her body.
The Erinyes were deities of vengeance, drawn to the blood of a god.
She wore this horrifying ensemble as she completed an enormous mural about the corruption of humanity. Design inspired by Aspriin .
During the Darkening, glacial winds blew from the Lost Realms, spreading an everlasting frost of penetrating ice clusters.
The destruction of nature inspired this transgressive performance ensemble.
Thorny vines painfully clung to her dress and flesh.
It stood in the field of felled trees, raging against the desolation. When the fog emerged, it did not resist.
She devoured a group of hapless filmmakers deep in the woods when a dark fog set in.
NFA. Feeling inspired and frumious. The Jabberwock will need jaws that bite and claws that catch and eyes that see. Lady Tryks.
The Queens of darkness, ready to slay anyone in their path after answering the call of the Entity.
The Artist has 4 alternate Character models available in the in-game Store:
Up to Patch 6.7.0 , The Artist was affected by a unique mechanic when Survivors would use light-emitting Items against her Dire Crows :
Light Vulnerability: Both Idle Dire Crows and Swarms were vulnerable to bright lights:


--- https://deadbydaylight.wiki.gg/wiki/Cenobite ---

Elliot Spencer or "The Cenobite" , also known as " Pinhead ", is one of 42 Killers currently featured in Dead by Daylight .
He was introduced as the Killer of CHAPTER 21: Hellraiser™ , a Chapter DLC released on 7 September 2021, which was delisted from platform stores on 4 March 2025 and 13 March 2025 for the Nintendo eShop.
He remains a playable Character for all Players who purchased him prior to 4 April 2025.
He originates from the 1987 Horror Movie franchise, Hellraiser .
The Cenobite is a summoning Killer, able to possess Chain Projectiles and use the Lament Configuration to torture every Survivor at once.
His personal Perks, Deadlock , Hex: Plaything , and Scourge Hook: Gift of Pain , allow him to slow Generator Progression and continue to torment Survivors who have experienced his sweet suffering.
Difficulty Rating: Very Hard ( These Killers require a high amount of practice and understanding, inexperienced Players are likely to find little success when using them )
A demon to some, an angel to others. Pinhead is an explorer in the further regions of experience, indulging in the limitless thrill of pleasure and pain. When the puzzle box known as the Lament Configuration — a key to another dimension — was found in The Entity's Realm, it was only a matter of time before it fell into curious hands. Once opened, he arrived. What came next was sweet suffering that spilled over the Realm.
The Cenobite comes with 3 Perks that are unique to him:
"We came. Now you must come with us. Taste our pleasure." — Pinhead
"We will tear your soul apart." — Pinhead
Prestiging The Cenobite will automatically add Tier I of his Unique Perks to the inventories of all other Killers and unlock the ability for their higher-tiered versions to spawn in their Bloodweb .
Prestige The Cenobite twice more to automatically add Tier II and Tier III respectively into the other Killers' inventories.
The Hook & Chain are the Primary Weapon of The Cenobite . He wields them with thrill.
"An extradimensional gateway that leads to pleasure and pain so great it will tear your soul apart." SPECIAL ABILITY: SUMMONS OF PAIN Press the Power button to conjure a Gateway up to 16 metres away in front of The Cenobite . Release the Power button to open the Gateway and possess it. SPECIAL ATTACK: POSSESSED CHAIN Press the Attack button while possessing the Gateway to summon forth a guided Possessed Chain under your control.
Hitting a Survivor with the Possessed Chain causes the following effects:
SPECIAL INTERACTION: BREAKING CHAINS Bound Survivors can perform the Break Free interaction to remove one Chain at a time, each taking 1 second .
Chains are broken upon colliding with the environment, which will spawn a replacement Chain that will attempt to bind the Survivor again. Chains are also broken when colliding with other Players, but this will not spawn a replacement Chain . SPECIAL ITEM: LAMENT CONFIGURATION The Lament Configuration spawns in a random location in the environment at the start of the Trial and slowly charges a Chain Hunt
The Aura of the Lament Configuration is revealed to Survivors in white at all times and changes to yellow during an active Chain Hunt .
Any Survivor can pick up the Lament Configuration to prevent it from continuing charging a Chain Hunt or ending an on-going one, but not without suffering from the following effects:
The Lament Configuration cannot be dropped, demanding to be solved to remove it from their possession. If they are downed by The Cenobite , it is dropped from their grasp and respawns after 30 seconds . SPECIAL ABILITY: CHAIN HUNT When left to its own devices, the Lament Configuration charges a Chain Hunt over the course of 90 seconds .
During a Chain Hunt , Survivors are repeatedly targetted by Chains spawning from nearby Gateways , which attempt to bind them until 3 Chains are attached to them. This process continues indefinitely until a Survivor picks up the Lament Configuration .
If The Cenobite picks it up from the ground himself, or downs a Survivor currently holding it, he instantly starts a Chain Hunt in addition to the following effects:
If the condition of the Last Survivor Standing is met, Chain Hunts will still activate, but not spawn any Chains , leaving the Last Survivor Standing untouched. SPECIAL INTERACTION: SOLVING Solving the Lament Configuration takes 6 seconds to complete:
SPECIAL LOCOMOTION: TELEPORT While a Survivor is solving the Lament Configuration , The Cenobite is granted the ability to teleport to within 10 to 12 metres of their location.
Lament Configuration (Chain Hunt):
Lament Configuration (Respawn Times):
Lament Configuration (Spawn Location): The Lament Configuration has the following behaviour in regards to choosing its spawn and respawn location:
Lament Configuration (Solving):
Chain Projectiles (Controlled):
Chain Projectiles (Uncontrolled):
"We want the man who did this." — Pinhead
"The Cenobites gave me an experience beyond limits. Pain and pleasure, indivisible." — Frank Cotton
"This isn't for your eyes." — Pinhead
Survivors breaking free from the Possessed Chain suffer from the following effect:
"We have such sights to show you." — Pinhead
"You opened it. We came." — Pinhead
There are 2 Achievements related to The Cenobite :
"We came. Now you must come with us. Taste our pleasure." — Pinhead
"We will tear your soul apart." — Pinhead
Playing as The Cenobite , bind Survivors using with your Possessed Chain a total of 50 times .
Players can choose from a variety of Cosmetic options to customise The Cenobite :
Explorer in the further regions of experience. Demons to some, angels to others.
An avid servant of Pinhead, dedicated to exploring the limits of human sensations.
The Cenobite has 1 alternate Character model available in the in-game Store:


--- https://deadbydaylight.wiki.gg/wiki/The_Nemesis ---

(Tentacle Strikes / Zombie Attacks)
Nemesis T-Type or "The Nemesis" is one of 42 Killers currently featured in Dead by Daylight .
He was introduced as the Killer of CHAPTER 20: Resident Evil™ , a Chapter DLC released on 15 June 2021.
He originates from the video game franchise Resident Evil , specifically the 2020 remake of Resident Evil 3 .
The Nemesis is an unrelenting Killer, capable of attacking at mid-range with his tentacle, while receiving support from Zombies roaming the area.
His personal Perks, Lethal Pursuer , Hysteria , and Eruption , allow him to quickly ambush Survivors, while sowing confusion and fear when injuring and hooking them.
The Nemesis is a Model T-103 Tyrant, a superhuman bio-organic weapon mass-produced by Umbrella Corporation. Unlike previous prototypes, it possessed near-human intelligence and could follow orders. It was flown into Raccoon City alongside other Tyrants and ordered to eliminate any remaining members of S.T.A.R.S., including Jill Valentine .
The Nemesis , like all T-103 Tyrants, was infected with the T-Virus during its creation. However, due the T-Virus degrading the host's brain and causing a decline in intelligence to the degree of making it impossible for the host to follow complex orders, T-103s were additionally infected with the NE-α parasite which would take control of the host's body, bypassing the degrading brain and providing The Nemesis with near-human intelligence.
When The Nemesis uses his tentacle, it is not actually a tentacle, but the parasite within him, as the NE-α Parasite is a worm-like creature.
Designed by Umbrella Corporation, The Nemesis is a nearly unstoppable bio-organic weapon fixated on pursuing and eliminating its targets. Part of the Tyrant T-103 series, this specimen has increased intelligence and awareness due to the NE-α Parasite implanted within it. Its first mission unleashed it upon Racoon City, where it had a singular objective: exterminate S.T.A.R.S. members. Rampaging through the city, The Nemesis faced off against Jill Valentine multiple times, and though she managed to escape, he was never far behind. He nearly had his target, when a strange fog descended upon them, mixing with the smoke of a city in chaos. The phenomenon meant nothing to him—the frigid cold and decreased oxygen never posing a threat. All that mattered was soldiering on into The Fog, continuing the mission: find S.T.A.R.S., exterminate S.T.A.R.S., and kill anyone who gets in the way.
The Nemesis comes with 3 Perks that are unique to him:
Performing the Damage Generator action on Generators highlights their Auras in yellow . Whenever a Survivor enters the Dying State by any means, Eruption triggers the following effects on all highlighted Generators :
"It can use weapons?" — Jill Valentine
Whenever you injure a healthy Survivor, Hysteria triggers its effect:
"Sorry I got a little jumpy there. Didn't know quite what to expect." — Robert Kendo
At the start of the Trial, the Auras of all Survivors are revealed to you for 7 / 8 / 9 seconds .
"...it knows what it wants and won't stop till it gets it." — Carlos Oliveira
Prestiging The Nemesis will automatically add Tier I of his Unique Perks to the inventories of all other Killers and unlock the ability for their higher-tiered versions to spawn in their Bloodweb .
Prestige The Nemesis twice more to automatically add Tier II and Tier III respectively into the other Killers' inventories.
The Raw Fists are the Primary Weapon of The Nemesis . Powerful arms to overpower targets swiftly.
"A virus that causes extreme mutations and can be transferred to others. Its effects heighten aggression and strength within The Nemesis." SPECIAL ABILITY: T-VIRUS The power of The Nemesis expands as his Mutation Rate grows. Mutation Rate 1 is the default state of The Nemesis :
Mutation Rate 2 is reached after accumulating a total of 5 Contamination Points :
Mutation Rate 3 is reached after accumulating a total of 15 Contamination Points :
SPECIAL ATTACK: TENTACLE STRIKE Press and hold the Power button to charge a Tentacle Strike , then press the Attack button to unleash it.
Survivors hit with a Tentacle Strike grant The Nemesis Contamination Points towards his Mutation Rate and become afflicted by Contamination :
The Tentacle Strike has a Cool-down time of 2.25 seconds . SPECIAL AFFLICTION: CONTAMINATION Survivors suffering from Contamination are susceptible to damage from being either by a Tentacle Strike or by a Zombie . Contaminated Survivors occasionally cough, potentially betraying their location. SPECIAL ENEMY: ZOMBIES During the Trial, 2 Zombies spawn and roam randomly through the environment. Both of their Auras are revealed to The Nemesis at all times.
Zombies can track nearby Survivors and are attracted to Loud Noise Notifications . They can attack Survivors coming too close to them and abide by the same rules as a Tentacle Strike doing so.
Destroying Zombies will cause them to respawn after 12 seconds from below a random Hook . Doing so with a Tentacle Strike as The Nemesis will also grant +1 Point towards Mutation Rate .
Survivors have limited means to counter Zombies :
SPECIAL ITEM: VACCINE Survivors can cure themselves or other Survivors from Contamination by locating a Supply Case and searching it for a Vaccine :
Pitch: This refers to the maximum vertical viewing angle The Nemesis is allowed from the horizon ( 0 ° ) while charging and holding Tentacle Strike :
"All you need to know is that this place will eat you alive if you're not careful." — Marvin Branagh
"Words won't work on this thing." — Leon Scott Kennedy
Survivors becoming Contaminated suffer from the following effect:
"This is not how I imagined my first day." — Leon Scott Kennedy
"Look, just so you know... this is the last fucking time." — Jill Valentine
"Commitment, honesty, integrity. These are the core values that create the foundation of Umbrella Corp." — Doctor Matt Gorkis
Used exclusively in 2v8 Trials, the Innate Skill modifies T-Virus with the following effects:
Modifies the Zombies with the following effects:
There are 2 Achievements related to The Nemesis :
At the start of the Trial, the Auras of all Survivors are revealed to you for 7 / 8 / 9 seconds .
"...it knows what it wants and won't stop till it gets it." — Carlos Oliveira
Whenever you injure a healthy Survivor, Hysteria triggers its effect:
"Sorry I got a little jumpy there. Didn't know quite what to expect." — Robert Kendo
Performing the Damage Generator action on Generators highlights their Auras in yellow . Whenever a Survivor enters the Dying State by any means, Eruption triggers the following effects on all highlighted Generators :
"It can use weapons?" — Jill Valentine
Players can choose from a variety of Cosmetic options to customise The Nemesis :
Showing no mercy, the mutated experiment chased its targets relentlessly.
The putrid serum mixed with the Ne-a Type parasite to create a chimerical horror that not even The Blight could have anticipated.


--- https://deadbydaylight.wiki.gg/wiki/Trickster ---

Hak Ji-woon (Korean: 학지운) or "The Trickster" is one of 42 Killers currently featured in Dead by Daylight .
He was introduced as the Killer of CHAPTER 19: All-Kill , a Chapter DLC released on 30 March of 2021 and retired on 8 January 2024.
He is still available in the In-Game Store and as part of the Macabre Tales Pack Chapter Pack DLC.
The Trickster is a ranged Killer, able to quickly unleash a flurry of blades by using his power, Showstopper .
His personal Perks, Starstruck , Hex: Crowd Control , and No Way Out , allow him to quickly down would-be rescuers and block areas of the environment to his advantage.
Hak Ji-woon thrived under the attention of others, energized by every eye that watched him and every tongue that spoke his name. Amidst the prestige, he had only one desire: more. Even as a child he found ways to draw crowds. Working at his family's restaurant, he attracted business with spectacles he performed using throwing knives. Gullible tourists believed this was a traditional South Korean experience, gladly parting with their money to witness it. Ji-woon's father spent the restaurant's earnings on dancing and vocal lessons for his son, pushing him to attain the fame he never could.
Ji-woon did not disappoint. After years showcasing his abilities to nobodies at talent shows, he hit the track to stardom. Yun-Jin Lee, a producer at Mightee One Entertainment, recruited Ji-woon into her training program. He transferred to a dormitory in Seoul where, for fourteen hours a day, he was crafted into a star, taught how to move and sing, how to carry himself with the right balance of confidence and modesty.
Draining as the process was, it worked. Yun-Jin selected Ji-woon to join the band NO SPIN, bringing a raw energy to their tracks. Fame was almost immediate. Ji-woon lived in a daze of interviews and adoration, and though the frenzied schedule exhausted his bandmates, he was invigorated. Each day was an affirmation that he was greater than the mediocrity society spewed out.
But over time, the champagne grew stale. When he looked at his fans, he saw their joy and envy split five ways, thinned out between each band member. The validation that had surged through him left a desperate yearning for more.
Ji-woon kept up impressions, mimicking a charm long buried under loathing. He recorded the latest NO SPIN album with his bandmates, never missing a beat. After a lengthy lunch break, he returned to the studio to discover fate had granted him a gift. The scent of burning wires was unmistakable. He rushed to the control room, finding the door blocked by fallen speakers. On the other side, his bandmates pounded on the door, their cries accompanied by the crackling of flames.
Ji-woon called to them, dashing to the speakers, grabbing one and—stopping. He froze. Each breath was a conscious, deliberate process requiring all his attention, the nearby cries hardly audible until, slowly, he backed away. And then he heard it. They were screaming his name as they burnt. Screaming for him to save them. Ji-woon! Ji-woon! Hak Ji-woon! It was the most beautiful thing he'd ever heard. When the fire crew arrived, his tears were genuine.
Ji-woon was celebrated as a tragic figure, a hero who did all he could in a futile attempt to save his friends. Yun-Jin paraded him through interviews until it was time to rebrand. He was reborn as The Trickster, a solo artist who produced his own songs, sporting a soft heart beneath a wild exterior. But, away from concert set-ups and television stages, something darker grew.
He targeted those who lived alone, coming to them in the night. The first was a college music student with a captivating voice. Ji-woon woke him with a baseball bat to the skull, binding his arms and legs, gagging him with a rag duct taped into his mouth. He tortured him for hours, dissecting him alive. Yet there was something missing—a sound, a connection. He wanted to hear the victim's wonderous voice pleading as he cut his belly open, but all he received was muffled cries through a rag.
Victims had to be abducted, driven to an abandoned building where he could let their voices carry unrestrained emotion. He made music from them, prodding in the right places to evoke different types of shrieks and howls. Stabbing the quadratus lumborum elicited a long, guttural wail, while slashing the carotid artery created a sound like a cat being strangled. There was honesty in their suffering. Ji-woon recorded each session, synthesizing and working them into his songs, hiding them behind layers of melodies.
He was elated with his work. He left hints for police, arranging a mink boa from a recent photoshoot around a victim's slashed throat. For his next killing, he removed the teeth from a man that a boxer in one of his music videos was without. During a particularly audacious plea for attention, he killed a fan he had met during a VIP meet-up, replacing her eyes with his diamond cufflinks and writing I HAVE SEEN GOD in blood across her chest. Each scene was a dazzling spectacle.
Between music and murder, Ji-woon's work was discussed globally. However, as violence became his preferred art style, his music career took a hit. Revenue was down and Mightee One executives pointed their fingers at him. Yun-Jin, with professional fury, came to his defence, but she was outnumbered. It was decided that Ji-woon could no longer self-produce his songs.
The decision was devastating. His tracks fused genuine humanity into music, yet executives rejected anything that wasn't generic and expected. And so be it. If they couldn't understand his art, he would incorporate them into it until they did.
He had three months until he was to perform a private show for Mightee One's board members; three months to plan his magnum opus. He transferred obscene amounts of money to a veterinarian in exchange for cannisters of nitrous oxide, then bribed the stage technician of Mightee One's private theatre for access to the room. His celebrity granted him a benefit of the doubt no regular person could conceive. When the show was ready, gas seeped into the room as executives and stagehands awaited Ji-woon, conveniently running behind schedule.
When he arrived, half-conscious bodies were splayed in their seats and crawling across the floor. He worked quickly, binding everyone, pausing only when he came to Yun-Jin — the woman who had plucked him from a mudhole and set him on the path he deserved. She would be rewarded, granted special access to the coming display of wonder. Even under sedation, she fought, a raging storm within her, far stronger than the others. He propped her up as the lone audience member, prying her eyes open. The others, snivelling and sobbing, were brought on stage to perform their final act. With a contemptable sneer, he slapped makeup onto their faces and shone stage lights upon them. They became his instruments.
To the sound of self-produced melodies, he tortured them, gracefully dashing from one body to another, conducting an operatic crescendo from their wailings. They shouted, whimpered, screamed, cried for their loved ones, cried for their mothers. It was a magnificent outpouring of emotion, of what it meant to be human, and they did it with eyes fixed on Ji-woon.
Viscera drained from the stage until, with the toss of his throwing knife, the final human instrument fell silent and the music stopped. Covered in sweat and blood, an exhausted Ji-woon looked to Yun-Jin and bowed. Curtain call. He had attained perfection. With blade in hand, he made his way to Yun-Jin, prepared to tie up loose ends before the credits rolled. But as he reached her —
From where, he didn’t know, but it billowed around them, damp, cool... comfortable. He saw the grand stage: hospitals and temples, forests and slaughterhouses — an eternal plane adorned with rusted hooks, sustained by the million eyes that would watch him, run from him, experience him. All he had to do was accept, become an implement of The Fog and, most importantly, make them scream.
The table below lists additional Lore about The Trickster from The Archives , either from Tomes that featured him or from individual Lore entries that mentioned him:
The Trickster comes with 3 Perks that are unique to him:
Whenever a Survivors performs a Rushed Vault action at a Window , Hex: Crowd Control activates on a random Totem and triggers its effect:
"You have no control. People like you never did." — Ji-Woon Hak
Whenever you hook a Survivor for the first time, No Way Out gains +1 Token . Once the Exit Gates are powered, No Way Out activates:
Whenever you are carrying a Survivor, Starstruck activates:
"Enjoy this moment, few get so close." — Ji-Woon Hak
Prestiging The Trickster will automatically add Tier I of his Unique Perks to the inventories of all other Killers and unlock the ability for their higher-tiered versions to spawn in their Bloodweb .
Prestige The Trickster twice more to automatically add Tier II and Tier III respectively into the other Killers' inventories.
The Polished Head Smasher is the Primary Weapon of The Trickster . A customised aluminium bat with a sharp edge and an iconic grip.
"A mesmerising skill honed through a lifetime of practice, Ji-Woon Hak unleashes a flurry of knives with rapid-fire speed." SPECIAL ABILITY: SHOWSTOPPER The Trickster starts the Trial with 36 Blades equipped.
Press and hold the Power button to enter the Throw State and wind up the Blades . Release the Power button to exit the Throw State . SPECIAL STATE: THROW STATE While in the Throw State , with a Blade at the ready, press the Attack button to throw a single one or press and hold it to unleash a flurry of them:
Blades can be replenished at Lockers . The Auras of Blades inside Lockers are automatically revealed to The Trickster within 36 metres , when he is out of them. SPECIAL AFFLICTION: LACERATION Survivors hit with Blades accumulate +1 Charge of Laceration , filling their Laceration Meter . Once the Laceration Meter is full at 6 Charges , the affected Survivor loses 1 Health State . Laceration starts dissipating at a rate of -1 charge every 4.4 seconds , if a Survivor is not hit by a Blade for 16 seconds , and immediately loses -3 Charges , if they are hit with a Basic Attack . SPECIAL ABILITY: STYLE RANKS There are 6 Style Ranks : E , D , C , B , A and S The Trickster earns Style Points by throwing Blades and performing distinct actions back-to-back. Earning enough Style Points causes The Trickster to go up in Style Ranks , each Style Rank improves Blade throw rate and reload speed. Style Ranks decay to a lower rank if no actions have been performed in a while. Performing actions refreshes the decay timer. The decay timer is paused while performing certain actions. Reaching S -Rank causes Survivors within 44 metres to be revealed by Killer Instinct for 4.4 seconds . While in S -Rank, Terror Radius is increased to 44 metres , Lullaby gets disabled, Laceration Meter decay is paused and The Trickster is granted access to Main Event . S -Rank decays back to E -Rank after 66 seconds , this decay timer cannot be refreshed or paused by performing actions. SPECIAL ABILITY: MAIN EVENT Press the Secondary Power button to activate Main Event for a maximum of 10 seconds , unless The Trickster cancels it prematurely by pressing the Secondary Power button again:
After performing Main Event , The Trickster suffers fatigue and Showstopper is put on a 4 second cool-down. The Style Rank will also be depleted back to E -Rank, this rank is increased up to B -Rank by performing Blade hits during Main Event . Main Event cannot be activated within 20 metres of a Hooked Survivor.
"Don't run away Don't say we're through No way to escape thisI'll be waiting for you" — NO SPIN'S "Waiting For You"
"Shhh... you don't have to see your blood anymore." — Ji-Woon Hak
"Your whisper on me Warm as can be Burning each breath Till I can't breathe" — The Trickster's "Whispers of Warmth"
After a ricochet, on every eighth Blade hit, a bonus is assigned at random:
"Please, no... don't make it hurt... I can't... I..." — Unidentified Voice
Certain Add-ons change The Trickster's Chase Theme by replacing the default Chase layer (note that they cannot override the S-Rank Chase layer):
There are 2 Achievements related to The Trickster :
Whenever you are carrying a Survivor, Starstruck activates:
"Enjoy this moment, few get so close." — Ji-Woon Hak
Whenever a Survivors performs a Rushed Vault action at a Window , Hex: Crowd Control activates on a random Totem and triggers its effect:
"You have no control. People like you never did." — Ji-Woon Hak
Whenever you hook a Survivor for the first time, No Way Out gains +1 Token . Once the Exit Gates are powered, No Way Out activates:
Players can choose from a variety of Cosmetic options to customise The Trickster :
"Thank you for supporting & inspiring us along the years!" - The Dead by Daylight Team
"Have a fantastic holiday season and a bloody good new year!" —The Dead by Daylight Team
A concert outfit inspired by a bird local to Korea. It is said to bring good luck and fortune.
An eclectic outfit worn during The Trickster’s Brazilian concert.
The rooster emerged from the flames, its beautiful cry harmonizing with the victim screaming on the pyre.
The rooster emerged from the flames, crowing as the victim died screaming.
All the arrangements were made for him to record a new single with a hot young superstar.
He enjoyed watching his audience panic during a rainstorm at one of his outdoor concerts.
Ji-woon was a star who was always asking for more. The desire for attention can lead one down a dangerous road.
Ji-woon was a star who was always asking for more. The desire for attention can lead one down a dangerous road.
Ji-woon was a star who was always asking for more. The desire for attention can lead one down a dangerous road.
Ji-woon was a star who was always asking for more. The desire for attention can lead one down a dangerous road.
The Trickster's iconic outfit while shooting the music video for his first album.
The Trickster's iconic outfit while shooting the music video for his first album.
The Trickster's iconic outfit while shooting the music video for his first album.
The Trickster's iconic outfit while shooting the music video for his first album.
Stage outfit the Trickster wore during his first national tour as a solo artist, welcomed by large crowd of grief-stricken fans.
Stage outfit the Trickster wore during his first national tour as a solo artist, welcomed by large crowd of grief-stricken fans.
Stage outfit the Trickster wore during his first national tour as a solo artist, welcomed by large crowd of grief-stricken fans.
The first show where the Trickster revealed his new persona during a live show following the death of his previous group, NO SPIN.
The first show where the Trickster revealed his new persona during a live show following the death of his previous group, NO SPIN.
He requested a memorable outfit for his latest music video. Designed by Domrebel .
A sponsored outfit he wore for a late-night video shoot at the beach.
The outfit of the opening song during the Trickster's World Tour, which involves a theatrical play of lights and elaborate choreography.
An eclectic outfit worn during The Trickster’s Brazilian concert.
The night inspired him and concealed his dark impulses.
The latest karaoke video game featured many of his hit singles. He agreed to judge a singing contest as a publicity stunt.
He saved one of his most dramatic looks for a guest appearance on a talent show.
The rooster emerged from the flames, its beautiful cry harmonizing with the victim screaming on the pyre.
A peaceful and calming ensemble that stands in stark contrast to his cruelty.
All the arrangements were made for him to record a new single with a hot young superstar.
He was caught by surprise when he saw Yun-jin in the makeup chair that morning.
He climbed on stage at the full Fire Moon Festival and delivered an unforgettable live performance.
A holiday photoshoot outfit for his fans.
Ji-woon's fans were disturbed by the brutal catfight video he posted.
He went straight to the producers to present his new look. He was rejected on the spot for being too extreme.
His dad’s restaurant was packed. Young Ji-woon let his fingers glide over his blades, ready to put on an epic show.
The Trickster was always searching for his next masterpiece. Looking down at his new techwear, he could practically hear the ecstatic cheers of the crowd.
He performed for his most hardcore fans on Valentine's Day, giving them a unique experience. He addressed the crowd of crying fans, asking them to be his Valentine.
A virtual idol modeled after Hak Ji-woon. She changed her programming in order to find freedom from her creator.
The Trickster has 2 alternate Character models available in the in-game Store:
The Trickster is part of 3 DLCs:


--- https://deadbydaylight.wiki.gg/wiki/Twins ---

Charlotte & Victor Deshayes or "The Twins" are one of 42 Killers currently featured in Dead by Daylight .
They were introduced as the Killer of CHAPTER 18: A Binding of Kin , a Chapter DLC released on 1 December 2020 and retired on 8 January 2024.
They are still available in the In-Game Store and as part of the Macabre Tales Pack Chapter Pack DLC.
The Twins are a cooperative pair of Killers, able to divide and hunt together using their Power, Blood Bond .
Their personal Perks, Hoarder , Oppression , and Coup de Grâce , allow them to monitor Survivors' actions, impede their progress, and hunt more effectively.
A pair of conjoined twins, Charlotte and Victor Deshayes formed an emotional bond like none other. The unlikeliness of their successful birth in the 17th century could be described as miraculous, yet it immediately brought about their life of persecution. The twins emerged with Victor's lower body affixed into the chest of his sister, legs twisted around her muscles and organs. He was smaller than Charlotte, grown as if he were an appendage of her body rather than a fully formed boy. As the new-borns screeched, so too did the midwife who delivered them, running from the home, yelling of a demon birthed by a witch. So began the hunting of Charlotte, Victor, and their mother Madeleine.
The coming years were fleeting memories for the twins, yet they were the closest thing to a normal life they would know. The journey with their mother was what they believed all children underwent, the games of running and hiding through France's countryside being an ordinary occurrence. At the age of five, a new challenge to the game was presented as their mother fell ill. Pale and exhausted, Madeleine had no choice, but to pass responsibility of collecting food onto Charlotte. The girl, burdened under extra clothing that concealed Victor's protruding body, set out from their forest tent and marched to the nearby town. Though a peculiar sight, she did what she had been trained for, waiting for an opening at the market and swiping whatever food she could. It was a victory in the game, but one short-lived.
After midnight, glowing flames surrounded the family's encampment, bobbing through the darkness. A single commanding shout broke the night's silence and a mob of witch hunters streamed in. Grubby hands tore the twins from their bed, Charlotte frantically kicking all who approached. Madeleine cried for her children, her voice abruptly silenced by a club to her skull. Victor shrieked, the wailing of a trapped rat.
The hunters coordinated quickly. A judge on-hand declared Madeleine guilty of witchcraft, evidenced by her demon spawn. Within minutes, they shackled her unconscious body to a tree, surrounding her feet with dry twigs and moss. As she awoke, she did not struggle, only begged her children to turn away. They would be given no choice. The twins were forced to watch as the torch was lit, and they watched as flames leapt up their mother's skirt, charring and sizzling her flesh. They watched as fat dripped from her body, and her face bubbled and twisted. They watched until the screams that tore her vocal cords were no more, and all that was left was the crackling of embers and a nauseating stench.
Whatever joy and goodness were in them died with their mother. Caged and transported to an old wooden temple, they were sold to a secretive group clad in dark cloaks. Victor reacted with the ferocity of a rabid beast at any who approached, clawing and biting. The only solace that could calm him was the embrace of his sister. Charlotte, bitter and hateful to all but her brother, found purpose in being his protector.
Within the temple, they were exposed to unusual experiments — some cruel, many simply baffling. One day they would be made to break the neck of a small grey bird. The next, they would bleed their fingers into a vase of roses. Every seventh day, they would sleep with the branch of a damp oak beneath their pillow. Then there was the chanting: a never-ending chorus from cloaked figures on scheduled intervals.
In time, a final experiment was planned. Two robed figures herded the twins to the centre of the temple, holding Charlotte upon an altar in a room lit with candelabras. The wrinkled face of a man peered from under his hood, placing a hand on the forehead of each twin, making careful examination of their skulls. Memento mori, he uttered, as he withdrew a shining blade.
Charlotte rolled to her side, shifting her brother off the altar. With a screech, he stretched his arm as far as he could, knocking a candelabra to the ground. The flames took to the dry wood immediately. They swept over the floor, igniting the black robes that brushed against it. Screams of agony pierced the chaos, invigorating Charlotte. She dashed through the inferno, vision concealed with nothing, but black smoke and blazing flame. A painful heaviness filled her lungs. No exit could be found, every step leading to overwhelming heat. She fell to her knees, suffocating, and then saw it — sunlight, trees. She stumbled from the fire into dewy grass. Without looking back, she ran into the forest until she collapsed.
When Charlotte opened her eyes, she reached for Victor's hand. He made no attempt to budge. His body hung helplessly from her torso. She clasped his face, stared into his sad, still eyes. The movements she was accustomed to — his body pulling at her skin, his legs prodding at the cavity in her chest — were no more. Victor was dead.
Charlotte had no choice, but to continue moving as she mourned, fearing black cloaks and witch hunters were prowling. She concealed her brother's corpse under her clothing and marched for the sewers of a nearby city. There, she set up camp, emerging often to steal whatever food she could, resorting to raiding barns for pig slop when desperation set in. Throughout the years, Victor's corpse rotted as his limbs oozed and blackened, yet his body demonstrated resistance to complete decomposition, as if his sister's blood still coursed through him. Protecting his lifeless body became Charlotte's sole reason for being, refusing to ever be separated from the only family she had left.
Life into her teenage years was a game of survival. Her hatred for humanity grew each day under the realisation they would never leave her be. No matter how many died during her botched robberies and desperate attempts to escape, there would always be more to pursue and sling words of condemnation at her — monster, demon, witch. And it was the black cloaks who were the worst of them. Their hunt for her was unending, forcing her to constantly abandon shelter and run.
For years, Charlotte fled, drawing blood out of necessity, cradling her long-dead brother in the night. During a frigid winter, her body began to break down. Food was scarce and the refuge of rickety shacks were no use against freezing temperatures. Sickle in hand, she sheltered near her campfire in the woods, not knowing if the black cloaks would take her before the cold did. As frost crystallised around her nostrils and her lips took on a gentle blue hue, Charlotte felt something she had never experienced: acceptance. She closed her eyes, opening herself to the serenity of death when — a shriek, shrill and vicious pierced her ears. Victor spasmed and flailed from her chest, a cloud of fog encompassing him. Before she could react, he spilled from her in a bloody puddle, landing on the snow and running.
Pulling herself from the edge of death, she gave chase. Calling his name, she ran through the forest until her legs could hardly carry her, until finally, within her view, was Victor, sitting at the edge of a thick fog. His face, twisted and feral, screamed as a dark hooded figure emerged from the fog, grabbed his arm, and seized him. The serenity that had crept into Charlotte was extinguished, replaced with the seething hatred and rage she had depended on for so long. With a tight grip on her sickle, she charged into the fog, prepared to eviscerate any who set foot near her brother.
The table below lists additional Lore about The Twins from The Archives , either from Tomes that featured them or from individual Lore entries that mentioned them:
The Twins come with 3 Perks that are unique to them:
Whenever a Generator is completed, Coup de Grâce gains +2 Tokens , up to a maximum of 10 Tokens per Trial:
Hoarder triggers a Loud Noise Notification for 4 seconds , whenever a Survivor performs any of the following actions within 32 / 48 / 64 metres of your location:
Hoarder spawns 2 additional Chests in the Trial.
Performing the Damage Generator action on a Generator triggers the following effects:
"Damn them as they would damn us." — Charlotte Deshayes
Prestiging The Twins will automatically add Tier I of their Unique Perks to the inventories of all other Killers and unlock the ability for their higher-tiered versions to spawn in their Bloodweb .
Prestige The Twins twice more to automatically add Tier II and Tier III respectively into the other Killers' inventories.
The Blade of Marseille is the Primary Weapon of The Twins . Tales warned of a demon who skulked the gutters of Marseille with a shimmering blade in hand. In reality, it was a battered sickle Charlotte stole from a farmer's home and modified to her liking.
"Though forever bound through blood and trauma, The Twins have been granted the power to separate from their shared body. Together they hunt as brother and sister, doubling the threat to Survivors." SPECIAL ABILITY: BLOOD BOND Their shared bond allows The Twins to take control individually.
The Twins see the other sibling's Aura at all times. SPECIAL INTERACTION: UNBIND VICTOR Press the Power button while controlling Charlotte to unbind Victor from her chest, granting him control while she enters a Dormant State . SPECIAL STATE: DORMANT While in the Dormant State , Charlotte experiences the following effects:
SPECIAL INTERACTION: SWITCH SIBLING Press the Secondary Power button to switch control between Charlotte and Victor at will. SPECIAL ABILITY: VICTOR Victor experiences the following effects while controlling him:
When controlling Charlotte while Victor is unbound, she benefits from the following effect:
SPECIAL ABILITY: POUNCE Press and hold the Power button while controlling Victor to charge a Pounce . Press the Attack button to unleash it, causing him to leap forwards .
Hitting Survivors with a Pounce causes the following effects:
Missing a Pounce leaves Victor vulnerable for 3 seconds , giving nearby Survivors a chance to Crush him.
Pouncing onto obstacles taller than himself causes Victor to automatically dissolve and return to Charlotte . SPECIAL INTERACTION: LATCHING ON The Survivor Victor has latched himself onto suffers permanently from the following effects until they either manage to remove him or they are downed by Charlotte :
SPECIAL INTERACTION: REMOVING / CRUSHING VICTOR Survivors can counter Victor in two ways: Crushing or Removing :
SPECIAL INTERACTION: RECALLING VICTOR Victor will automatically return to Charlotte after idling for 90 seconds . Charlotte can recall him earlier whenever she desires.
Voluntary Recalls: Voluntary Recalls, unless Victor is idling, do not immediately become available to Charlotte :
From a technical POV, Victor is Charlotte's Power and not actually a second Killer-entity, effectively acting as a remote-controlled Special Attack . This behaviour has several implications for his interactions (or lack thereof) with Perks and their effects:
"...shall hereby be recorded as a service to the greater good and the extermination of evil." — Inquiry into the Death of Madeleine Deshayes
"Beware the deceit of witches, for they exploit the goodness in men's hearts." — A History of Witches and Demons, 1602
"Eat... eat, child. You'll feel better when it's down." — Madeleine Deshayes
"Hush... hush... it is yours then." — Charlotte Deshayes
"Kch--kch—k'ull bawd mennn..." — Victor Deshayes
"Your binding is no curse, my loves. It is your strength to draw upon." — Madeleine Deshayes
"I don't like this game anymore, Mother..." — Charlotte Deshayes
There is 2 Achievements related to The Twins :
Hoarder triggers a Loud Noise Notification for 4 seconds , whenever a Survivor performs any of the following actions within 32 / 48 / 64 metres of your location:
Hoarder spawns 2 additional Chests in the Trial.
Performing the Damage Generator action on a Generator triggers the following effects:
"Damn them as they would damn us." — Charlotte Deshayes
Whenever a Generator is completed, Coup de Grâce gains +2 Tokens , up to a maximum of 10 Tokens per Trial:
Players can choose from a variety of Cosmetic options to customise The Twins :
"Have a fantastic holiday season and a bloody good new year!" — The Dead by Daylight Team
"Thank you for supporting & inspiring us along the years!" - The Dead by Daylight Team
How many have given their life to bring another’s to an end? Sooner or later, one loses count...
While hiding in a derelict farmhouse, she found an old moth-eaten dress draped over the bed.
Charlotte recalled her mother speaking of a place across the ocean, where Victor and Charlotte would be free of pursuit.
They found an unfamiliar uniform half buried in the sand near an abandoned ship.
She had so little that even a ragged outfit was a significant portion of her wealth.
She had so little that even a ragged outfit was a significant portion of her wealth.
She had so little that even a ragged outfit was a significant portion of her wealth.
She had so little that even a ragged outfit was a significant portion of her wealth.
Charlotte fought for everything she had, oftentimes literally.
Charlotte fought for everything she had, oftentimes literally.
Charlotte fought for everything she had, oftentimes literally.
Her heartbreak over Victor’s death was so great that she stole a grieving widow’s mourning gown.
Her heartbreak over Victor’s death was so great that she stole a grieving widow’s mourning gown.
Their mother found an abandoned cabin deep in the woods, and they settled down there for the night.
The room looked familiar to Charlotte, as did the hooded figures chanting above her. How did she make it back home?
Barely clinging to life during a frigid winter in Marseille, Charlotte stabbed a pig and warmed herself with its steaming viscera.
They stumbled across a strange refuge from the cruel temperatures: a valley, blooming and vibrant.
Hunted and hungry, she stole tools from a freshly dead fisherman to catch dinner.
Charlotte recalled her mother speaking of a place across the ocean, where Victor and Charlotte would be free of pursuit.
The Twins has 1 alternate Character model available in the in-game Store:


--- https://deadbydaylight.wiki.gg/wiki/Blight ---

Talbot Grimes or "The Blight" is one of 42 Killers currently featured in Dead by Daylight .
He was introduced as the Killer of CHAPTER 17: Descend Beyond , a Chapter DLC released on 8 September 2020 and retired on 8 January 2024.
He is still available in the In-Game Store and as part of the Macabre Tales Pack Chapter Pack DLC.
The Blight is an unpredictable Killer, able to rush forward in a burst of speed and carom off obstacles to injure Survivors using his power, Blighted Corruption .
His personal Perks, Dragon's Grip , Hex: Blood Favour , and Hex: Undying , allow him to impose powerful effects on Generators, Totems and Pallets.
To understand the human condition, one must rise above it. This was the credo of Talbot Grimes, a Scottish chemist whose unrestrained ambition took him to towering heights. As a boy, he was a popular child—bright, charismatic, and unafraid to challenge authority—yet despite his social graces he was fiercely independent, spending much of his time exploring the sprawling fields near his town alone. What began as a child's curiosity nearly turned deadly after experimenting with a patch of poisonous foxglove. For days, he laid in bed dripping with sweat, purging any food that touched his stomach. When he recovered, it wasn't fear that gripped him, but fascination. There was something magical in how a single flower could so drastically affect him.
Into his adult years, his ambition developed as quickly as his questionable methods. He attended the London School of Medicine and excelled despite several reprimands. His willingness to push the limits secured him a position with the British East India Company, and within seven years he was made head chemist. In time, he completed one of his greatest achievements: a chemical that could increase a worker's productivity while reducing their need for rest. He was rewarded with a secret laboratory beneath a prison camp on Dyer Island.
There, off the coast of India, prisoners from the Opium War became his unwilling subjects, leading to a drug that allowed soldiers to withstand incredible amounts of pain. Though most side effects were minor, there were rumours that a small number of soldiers went mad. In feral states, they massacred villages, impaling the populace on bayonets, leaving them hanging from trees. There were no official reports on the subject, and Talbot refused to blame himself for what could only be exaggerated war stories.
Though his callous brilliance seemed unflappable, he was ignorant to the enemies his questionable work had amassed. The realisation struck him quite literally—with a steel pipe to the back of his head during a trip to Mangalore. He was bound and loaded into a wagon. When his blindfold was removed, a sickly man showed him a mass grave filled with hundreds of bodies. Unbeknownst to Talbot, his productivity-increasing drug had killed nearly an entire factory's worth of workers. He knew he couldn't defend himself against the anger and accusations of his abductor—all he could do was curl up as the blows from the steel pipe rained down. His body was thrown into the grave and left for dead. Shifting between consciousness and the darkest black, he crawled for an escape, fingers sinking into rotting flesh. Black flies feasted on his uncovered skin, the sensation of a hundred pin pricks stabbing into him. As he collapsed, he came face to face with a dead woman's dazzling hazel eyes. Too weak to pull away, he could do nothing but witness his life's work.
Then, from the edge of death, he was brought back. He found himself on a small bed as a kindly, wrinkled face looked over him. With each pained breath, he was nursed back to health in an ancient mystery school posing as a monastery. In verdant gardens behind tall, unassuming walls, monks studied forbidden texts, striving to expand the human mind in the search for other dimensions — believing one to be connected to the other.
Talbot's knowledge proved indispensable, his mind-altering chemicals integrating seamlessly with theories of neural expansion. He realised then that his salvation was no coincidence—he was plucked from the pit specifically to advance the school's knowledge. He agreed to help until his recovery was complete, being tasked with researching what the monks called the soul chemical, a compound derived from the pineal gland that could open the mind's eye. What began as a favour to his saviours, soon became an obsession. Poring over the school's archives of lost texts, he uncovered scientific formulas that confirmed previously unthinkable ideas. He dreamt of ushering humankind into a new period of enlightenment. Perhaps then, the nightmares of hundreds of dead factory workers — and of those two hazel eyes — would fade from his mind.
As he came closer to a breakthrough, the demeanour of the monks shifted. The gentle smiles they offered were paired with uneasy eyes that quickly darted away when spotted. The polite conversations he was once privy to turned to hushed murmurs. The last thing he would see of the school was the cracked ceiling above his bed, branching like a dendrite through plaster.
His next memories were a shattered mosaic of images and sensations. Smearing lights, horse hoofs on cobblestone, coarse burlap scratching at his cheeks, and sharp bites into his arm. He awoke ragged and unwashed, splayed on the straw mattress of an opium den. Mind in a dense fog, his first thought was of his notes, the only record of his ground-breaking revelations. He searched frantically, scrambling through the dingy basement, pleading aloud for help. The few other denizens looked up from their hammocks, offering nothing but drug-soaked eyes and apathetic gazes that soon fell into half-slumber. Before he noticed the robed figure appear behind him, a needle plunged into his arm and the world disappeared once more.
Awoken. Again. Each time, hazier than the last. He tongued at hollow gaps between his teeth. How long, he wondered. A faint memory returned. The soul chemical. His notes. The verge of a breakthrough. A faraway whisper entered his mind.
He fumbled with a stone, sharpening it with shaking hands. In the dim light of the den, amongst the catatonic occupants, he carved his research from memory into the walls. He wrote for hours until his fingers bled, moving to the floor, taking in everything the voice whispered despite his inability to comprehend it. When there was nowhere left to write, he gripped the stone and carved the message into his chest. Stained with blood, he witnessed a miracle appear before him — a magnificent field of lush, orange flowers. The whispered voice beckoned to him, urging him to enter the field and discover worlds and dimensions beyond human comprehension. For a moment, Talbot felt the sense of wonder he possessed as a child.
The denizens of the opium den awoke to silence, the dry scent of smoke still lingering in the air. Shambling out of their drug-hazed fog, they found the stone floor wet with blood, tiny rivulets coursing through the cracks. As eyes adjusted to the darkened room, the jagged lettering scrawled along its length began to appear. Written over and over without end, there was but one single line: Death is only the beginning.
The table below lists additional Lore about The Blight from The Archives , either from Tomes that featured him or from individual Lore entries that mentioned him:
The Blight comes with 3 Perks that are unique to him:
Dragon's Grip has a cool-down of 60 / 45 / 30 seconds .
"Such potential in this compound... even the slightest trace causes unnatural effects." — Journal of Talbot Grimes
Hex: Blood Favour lights a Hex Totem at the start of the Trial, cursing Survivors with its Hex Effects . Whenever a Survivor loses a Health State by any means, Hex: Blood Favour triggers its effect for 15 seconds :
"It would be no leap of the imagination to suggest that the Trials are a biological response of sorts." — Journal of Talbot Grimes
Whenever a Survivor is within 2 / 3 / 4 metres of a Dull Totem , Hex: Undying triggers its primary effect:
Prestiging The Blight will automatically add Tier I of his Unique Perks to the inventories of all other Killers and unlock the ability for their higher-tiered versions to spawn in their Bloodweb .
Prestige The Blight twice more to automatically add Tier II and Tier III respectively into the other Killers' inventories.
The Bonebuster is the Primary Weapon of The Blight . An elegant accessory, specially weighted to deliver a deceptively brutal blow.
"Pustula Serum courses through his veins, corrupting his mind and body, yet granting him unnatural physical abilities." SPECIAL ABILITY: BLIGHTED CORRUPTION The Blight starts the Trial with 5 Tokens .
Using Blighted Corruption consumes -1 Token per Rush / Lethal Rush . SPECIAL LOCOMOTION: RUSH Press the Power button to initiate a Rush that lasts for up to 3 seconds :
SPECIAL INTERACTION: SLAM Running into obstacles or walls during a Rush causes The Blight to perform a Slam and opens the Chain Rush Window . SPECIAL LOCOMOTION: LETHAL RUSH Press the Power button during the Chain Rush Window to chain a Lethal Rush that lasts for up to 3 seconds :
SPECIAL STATE: FATIGUE After either the Chain Rush Window closes, the final Lethal Rush elapses, or The Blight fails to perform a Slam , he enters a state of Fatigue for 2.5 seconds .
NOTE : based on in-game observations, it appears that in addition to the comparatively low values in degrees per second mentioned above, other unknown variables must also factor into The Blight's final Turn rate during a Rush , as it appears to be greater than just the values mentioned above.
"The student is accused of grave-robbing with the intent of unsanctioned scientific testing." — Faculty Reprimand of Talbot Grimes, 1838
"...suspected to cause atypical alterations in neural rhythmic activity." — Unlabelled Mystery School Text
"In a wasteland of forgotten dreams and endless routine, the man with a way out is God." — Talbot Grimes
"Time is scarce. Let this be the one..." — Talbot Grimes
"Progress requires drastic change." — Talbot Grimes
Used exclusively in 2v8 Trials, the Innate Skill modifies Blighted Corruption with the following effects:
There are 2 Achievements related to The Blight :
Dragon's Grip has a cool-down of 60 / 45 / 30 seconds .
"Such potential in this compound... even the slightest trace causes unnatural effects." — Journal of Talbot Grimes
Hex: Blood Favour lights a Hex Totem at the start of the Trial, cursing Survivors with its Hex Effects . Whenever a Survivor loses a Health State by any means, Hex: Blood Favour triggers its effect for 15 seconds :
"It would be no leap of the imagination to suggest that the Trials are a biological response of sorts." — Journal of Talbot Grimes
Whenever a Survivor is within 2 / 3 / 4 metres of a Dull Totem , Hex: Undying triggers its primary effect:
Players can choose from a variety of Cosmetic options to customise The Blight :
"Have a fantastic holiday season and a bloody good new year!" — The Dead by Daylight Team
"Thank you for supporting & inspiring us along the years!" - The Dead by Daylight Team
Some could argue that the alchemist hadn’t so much destroyed his former self, as he had enhanced it.
An Irish outfit to celebrate the holiday, gifted to Talbot by a friend in the East India Company.
He thought he was alone in the depths of The Bleed when the figure emerged from the ground.
He roamed the depths of The Bleed alone, until a figure rose from the ground.
Each seeping pore contributed to the ecosystem that grew within and without him.
He travelled to North Africa to investigate a strange new flora causing madness among the colonists.
When one is plagued by visions beyond mortal comprehension, one must surrender to a greater purpose.
When one is plagued by visions beyond mortal comprehension, one must surrender to a greater purpose.
When one is plagued by visions beyond mortal comprehension, one must surrender to a greater purpose.
Only shades of who he once was remained, the void left filled with an unrestrained fervor for something more.
Only shades of who he once was remained, the void left filled with unrestrained fervor.
Only shades of who he once was remained, the void left filled with unrestrained fervor.
Only shades of who he once was remained, the void left filled with unrestrained fervor.
Some could argue that the alchemist hadn’t so much destroyed his former self, as he had enhanced it.
Some could argue that the alchemist hadn’t so much destroyed his former self, as he had enhanced it.
Some could argue that the alchemist hadn’t so much destroyed his former self, as he had enhanced it.
A finely made outfit that identifies the wearer as a person of wealth and taste.
A finely made outfit that identifies the wearer as a person of wealth and taste.
An Irish outfit to celebrate the holiday, gifted to Talbot by a friend in the East India Company.
During the Darkening, glacial winds blew from the Lost Realms, spreading an everlasting frost of penetrating ice clusters.
He thought he was alone in the depths of The Bleed when the figure emerged from the ground.
Little Talbot strolled through the woods with his family, gathering sprigs of holly to spruce up their home.
He travelled to North Africa to investigate a strange new flora causing madness among the colonists.
Organisms festered in his forgotten wounds, spreading disease from limb to limb.
An extreme overdose of putrid serum culminated in a corruption like no other. Visceral cankers blossomed through his body, sprouting from his flesh and twisting out of nearly every orifice.
The corpse had been pulled from the sea. He studied it with curiosity, taken by the creatures who made the body their home.
A high-class ensemble that still holds the smell of London’s smoggy streets.
A genius scientist with a cruel personality.
Death was just the beginning of the journey.
Talbot couldn't find the mice he used for his experiments.
As Talbot injected the needle into himself, he noticed the serum was the color of the moon.
The Blight has 3 alternate Character models available in the in-game Store:


--- https://deadbydaylight.wiki.gg/wiki/Executioner ---

Pyramid Head or "The Executioner" is one of 42 Killers currently featured in Dead by Daylight .
He was introduced as the Killer of CHAPTER 16: Silent Hill , a Chapter DLC released on 16 June of 2020.
He originates from the video game franchise Silent Hill , specifically Silent Hill 2 (2001) .
The Executioner is a map-manipulation Killer, able to torment Survivors with the hazards he creates. Affected Survivors will be vulnerable to his special Hook , the Cage of Atonement and his special Mori, Final Judgement .
His personal Perks, Forced Penance , Trail of Torment , and Deathbound , allow him to aggressively defend his prey while deceiving and tracking Survivors.
A sadistic and merciless executioner, Pyramid Head is fixated on dispensing punishment through pain.
Encumbered by the steel frame upon his head and with a hulking great blade in tow, he stalked the hellish corridors of Silent Hill, committed to a duty that no one truly understood. Where he trod, even monsters fled for the shadows, and those who crossed his path fell victim to unrestrained acts of aggression.
When his duty was complete and his presence no longer needed, he prepared for the long rest — and yet, his skills were required elsewhere. The Fog that streamed over him was somehow different than that he was accustomed to in Silent Hill, as if each wisp contained the nerves of a creature, writhing, seeking him out.
There was an unspoken agreement in that moment. The billowing cloud was an invitation to duty and sadism, and Pyramid Head, taking a step into The Fog, accepted his obligation once more.
The Executioner comes with 3 Perks that are unique to him:
Whenever a Survivor finishes healing another Survivor for the equivalent of 1 Health State , Deathbound activates:
Whenever a Survivor triggers a Protection Hit , they suffer from the following effect:
Performing the Damage Generator action on a Generator activates Trail of Torment :
Prestiging The Executioner will automatically add Tier I of his Unique Perks to the inventories of all other Killers and unlock the ability for their higher-tiered versions to spawn in their Bloodweb .
Prestige The Executioner twice more to automatically add Tier II and Tier III respectively into the other Killers' inventories.
The Great Knife is the Primary Weapon of The Executioner . A massive chef's knife to reap affliction and misery from his victims.
"Open the Gates of Suffering and be judged! The Great Knife splits the ground, giving rise to an infernal construct and spreading agony to all who approach." SPECIAL ABILITY: RITES OF JUDGEMENT Press and hold the Power button to carve a Torment Trail into the ground beneath you while moving:
Segments of the Torment Trail have a Life time of 90 seconds . Their Auras are revealed to The Executioner in white within 32 metres . SPECIAL ATTACK: PUNISHMENT OF THE DAMNED While performing Rites of Judgement , press the Attack button to trigger Punishment of the Damned , unleashing a propagating Attack Trail in front of The Executioner :
SPECIAL AFFLICTION: TORMENT If a Survivor touches the Torment Trail while not crouched, it applies the following effects:
Torment is only removed after rescuing or being rescued from a Cage of Atonement . SPECIAL INTERACTION: SEND TO CAGE Press the Secondary Power button while standing over a downed Tormented Survivor to send them to a Cage of Atonement . SPECIAL INTERACTION: FINAL JUDGEMENT Press the Secondary Power button while standing over a downed Tormented Survivor that has reached the second Hook Stage to execute them on the spot, performing a Mini-Mori .
Rites of Judgement / Torment Mode :
Restricted Trail : Various props have a restricted zone around them that, while allowing them to spawn, cause Torment Trail segments within them to despawn after just a few seconds.
Modifies Punishement of the Damned with the following effects:
Modifies Rites of Judgement with the following effect:
Modifies Rites of Judgement with the following effect:
Modifies Punishment of the Damned with the following effects:
Modifies Punishment of the Damned with the following effect:
Modifies Punishment of the Damned with the following effect:
While using Rites of Judgement , you benefit from the following effect:
Survivors rescuing others from a Cage of Atonement suffer from the following effect:
Modifies Punishment of the Damned with the following effect:
Missed Punishment of the Damned attacks trigger the following effect:
Modifies Torment Trails with the following effect:
Successful Punishment of the Damned attacks trigger the following effect:
While using Rites of Judgement , the following effect applies:
For each Survivor afflicted by Torment , you benefit from the following effect:
Successful Punishment of the Damned attacks trigger the following effect:
Successful Punishment of the Damned attacks trigger the following effect:
Successful Punishment of the Damned attacks trigger the following effect:
Modifies Rites of Judgement with the following effects:
Modifies Punishment of the Damned with the following effects:
Modifies Punishment of the Damned with the following effects:
Used exclusively in 2v8 Trials, the Innate Skill modifies the Rites of Judgement with the following effects:
There are 2 Achievements related to The Executioner :
Whenever a Survivor triggers a Protection Hit , they suffer from the following effect:
Performing the Damage Generator action on a Generator activates Trail of Torment :
Whenever a Survivor finishes healing another Survivor for the equivalent of 1 Health State , Deathbound activates:
Players can choose from a variety of Cosmetic options to customise The Executioner :
The body hanged upside down, affixed to the rotting wall, skin dangling to the filthy floor.
Straight from the fiery forge, an inferno of cruelty and malice rages.
The putrid serum took hold of the creature born from a dark wish, rotting with putrid ways to punish the guilty.
The insects chittered and buzzed as they crept along the hallway. The man tried to swat them away, unaware that someone was approaching.
Born from a dark wish, his purpose was to find and punish the guilty.
The Executioner is part of 1 DLC:


--- https://deadbydaylight.wiki.gg/wiki/Deathslinger ---

Caleb Quinn or "The Deathslinger" is one of 42 Killers currently featured in Dead by Daylight .
He was introduced as the Killer of CHAPTER 15: Chains of Hate , a Chapter DLC released on 10 March 2020 and retired on 8 January 2024.
He is still available in the In-Game Store and as part of the Old Wounds Pack Chapter Pack DLC.
The Deathslinger is a vengeful Killer, able to spear Survivors from a distance and reel them in using his Power, The Redeemer .
His personal Perks, Gearhead , Dead Man's Switch , and Hex: Retribution allow him to locate and impede Survivor objectives, and punish Survivors for destroying Totems.
Born in the dust-ridden Badlands of the American Midwest, Caleb Quinn was son to struggling Irish immigrants. On the edge of the frontier, sickness, famine, and death were common sights, and pioneers contended for whatever scraps they could claim while tycoons feasted. Caleb's father, once an engineer, had few options to ply his trade as businesses posted a common sign: No Irish Need Apply. His antiquated tools laid untouched for years until Caleb uncovered them. Noticing his son's interest in the trade, he gifted him his old wrench.
The devices Caleb made under his father's guidance had quaint applications, but when his father was away, they took a grim turn. He hid plans for a mask that would gouge barbed needles into a human's eyes and rip them from their sockets, complete with sketches of it fitted on boys who bullied him.
With age, Caleb's engineering abilities became marketable and employers put their discrimination aside. Henry Bayshore , the owner of United West Rail, hired him.
Caleb first invented a gun that shot railroad spikes into the ground. Next, he made a steam-powered tunnelling drill. But as Bayshore feigned indifference, the devices began turning up at other companies, the patents stolen from Caleb and sold.
A familiar sensation coursed through Caleb's blood, feeding the sharp pain in his heart. Rage overwhelming him, he burst into Bayshore's office and smashed his face into a bloody stew. As he was pulled away, he pushed his specialised gun to his boss' gut and squeezed the trigger. A railroad spike ploughed through skin and viscera, nailing Bayshore to his desk.
The only thing that saved Caleb from hanging was Bayshore's unlikely survival. For fifteen years, Caleb was confined to Hellshire Penitentiary, the nation's first private prison. In a fortress of illiterate convicts, he found an unlikely friend in the educated prison warden . He designed torture devices for him and in return received extra meals. After a time, the warden offered to commute his sentence. He spoke of something greater than monetary wealth — political capital — and that his connections could have Bayshore framed and rotting behind bars for life. He had only one request: make him rich. Fill the prison. Use ingenuity to bring outlaws in alive.
Caleb returned to his workshop, and with a few modifications emerged with something new — the speargun. The first trial occurred when a thief robbed a Chinese laundry. Seizing on the opportunity, Caleb unleashed his prototype. Metal joints screeched as the spike shot forward, gouging into the target's abdomen. But as the spear tugged, it caught the thief's intestines, and, with an ungodly sound, yanked them onto the dusty road. After several iterations, the disembowelments dwindled, but Caleb had already earned his new nickname: The Deathslinger.
Looking to protect his asset, the prison warden pulled strings and released Irish inmates to form Caleb's posse. The Hellshire Gang was born. For six years, they roamed the country collecting wanted outlaws for the prison, fulfilling their end of the bargain. After a bloody battle at Glenvale, Caleb caught notice of a newspaper headline: Henry Bayshore Purchases Hellshire Penitentiary. In the picture, a disfigured Bayshore proudly shook the warden's hand. Caleb's heart pounded with rage, blood swelling as if it would burst from his veins. He'd been sold out, a pawn in a rich man's game.
The Hellshire Gang pledged their loyalty to Caleb and called for the warden's head. In a thundering gallop, they smashed through the prison entrance, shrieking like bloodthirsty marauders. A guard raised his pistol, but hesitated. A spear punctured his chest. Caleb grabbed the man's head and slammed it against a prison cell until it spilled through the bars.
Reaching the warden's office, Caleb kicked the door and was met with a fortunate sight — it wasn't only the prison warden who cowered in a corner, but Henry Bayshore. Overpowered with rage, Caleb rushed to Bayshore, beating, bludgeoning, tearing at his flesh. The man's blood dripped from his face, crimson pooling at his feet. The Hellshire Gang swarmed the warden, snapping bones with each kick.
With the two men broken and begging for death, the posse dragged them to the commons, where they were left to the growing crowd of prisoners.
Soaked in blood and sweat, Caleb hobbled to his old cell, hardly paying notice to Bayshore's screams. He sat on the bed's edge as drops of blood ran from his fingertips. A thick, unnatural fog streamed through the barred window. He pulled out his old wrench, cracked and rusted, and ran a thumb along the metal, regarding it with faded eyes. He couldn't remember when it came into his possession. He didn't care to remember. At his feet, he saw a dusty path, and, at its end, silhouettes of all who had done him wrong: the boys who bullied him, the executives who took advantage of him, and, again... Henry Bayshore. Emerging from a fog were the tools to dispose of them — unforgiving steel hooks, brilliant and beautiful in their simplicity. Pain tore through his leg as he stood, but he endured, pushing onwards, walking the dusty path, leaving a trail of blood flowing behind him.
The table below lists additional Lore about The Deathslinger from The Archives , either from Tomes that featured him or from individual Lore entries that mentioned him:
The Redeemer comes with 3 Perks that are unique to him:
Dead Man's Switch cannot activate if its effect is still active from a previous activation.
"I've seen the look on a man's face when he realises he's going to die." — Caleb Quinn
After a Survivor loses a Health State , Gearhead activates for 30 seconds :
"Sometimes a man's best work is what puts him in the grave." — The Prison Warden
Whenever a Survivor blesses or cleanses a Totem , Hex: Retribution triggers its primary effect:
"Bloody fool, you pulled the trigger on yourself." — Caleb Quinn
Prestiging The Deathslinger will automatically add Tier I of his Unique Perks to the inventories of all other Killers and unlock the ability for their higher-tiered versions to spawn in their Bloodweb .
Prestige The Deathslinger twice more to automatically add Tier II and Tier III respectively into the other Killers' inventories.
The Death to Bayshore is the Primary Weapon of The Redeemer . A sharp weapon with a strong bite.
"The Deathslinger's ingenuity affords him the ability to reel in bounties with a unique invention — a heavily modified hybrid rifle that replaces conventional ammunition with a razor-sharp spear affixed to a chain." SPECIAL ABILITY: THE REDEEMER Press and hold the Power button to Aim Down Sights . SPECIAL WEAPON: SPEARGUN Press the Attack button during ADS to shoot The Redeemer , launching a high-speed chained projectile that can spear Survivors within 18 metres , allowing The Deathslinger to reel them in. SPECIAL INTERACTION: REELING IN Press and hold the Power button while a Survivor is speared by The Redeemer to reel them in towards you:
Once a Survivor is close enough to you, press the Attack button to break the chain and strike the Survivor with a Basic Attack :
The Deathslinger can break the chain manually by attacking at any point during the Reeling-in process. SPECIAL INTERACTION: BREAKING THE CHAIN Whenever the chain of The Redeemer experiences tension or collides with the environment, it experiences stress that will eventually cause it to break. The more stress, the faster it will break:
SPECIAL INTERACTION: RELOADING Press and hold the Secondary Power button to reload The Redeemer after every shot:
Linked Movement Speeds: This refers to any situation in which The Deathslinger is literally linked to the Impaled Survivor through the chain of The Redeemer . As with the speeds listed above, these are achieved by applying a multiplier to the default Movement speed, rather than a fixed value:
"You called death to your door the instant you done me wrong." — Caleb Quinn
"Get your prayers in, you'll be swinging by noon." — Caleb Quinn
"Know your place, boy. Know you damn place." — Henry Bayshore
"You'll be met with a fierce reckoning, swear it on my mum's grave." — Caleb Quinn
"There won't be nothing to fear soon. Till then, fear me." — Caleb Quinn
"Do not point that thing at me, you slack-jawed imbecile." — Henry Bayshore
"A smooth taste for the rugged frontier." — Gold Creek Advertisement, 1876
"Inmates working beyond the prison yard must be affixed with a steel ball of no less than 18 pounds." — Hellshire Penitentiary Guard Book
"Hellshire Gang: Justice Seekers or Outlaws?" — Glenvale Gazette headline
"Deals made in desperation are paid for in madness."
Used exclusively in 2v8 Trials, the Innate Skill modifies The Redeemer with the following effects:
There are 2 Achievements related to The Deathslinger :
After a Survivor loses a Health State , Gearhead activates for 30 seconds :
"Sometimes a man's best work is what puts him in the grave." — The Prison Warden
Dead Man's Switch cannot activate if its effect is still active from a previous activation.
"I've seen the look on a man's face when he realises he's going to die." — Caleb Quinn
Whenever a Survivor blesses or cleanses a Totem , Hex: Retribution triggers its primary effect:
"Bloody fool, you pulled the trigger on yourself." — Caleb Quinn
Players can choose from a variety of Cosmetic options to customise The Deathslinger :
"Have a fantastic holiday season and a bloody good new year!" — The Dead by Daylight Team
"Thank you for supporting & inspiring us along the years!" - The Dead by Daylight Team
Caleb's life has been rife with misfortune. It's time for him to make his own luck.
He doggedly tracked his bounty through the Rocky Mountains of Colorado, cornering him in the town of Silverton.
Caleb took the blows and hit the ground. The men circled him, telling him they didn't want prisoners in their town.
He tossed and turned in his cell, dreaming of his devices being used against him.
He was powerless to resist as beings from another realm turned his torture devices against him.
He had never experienced Valentine's Day. Love was never in the cards for him.
A creative inventor who squandered his talent and skill pursing vengeance.
A creative inventor who squandered his talent and skill pursing vengeance.
A creative inventor who squandered his talent and skill pursing vengeance.
A creative inventor who squandered his talent and skill pursing vengeance.
After being detained for fifteen years, the prison warden paid him a visit, offering to expedite his release. There was a catch: he would have to fill the prison.
After being detained for fifteen years, the prison warden paid him a visit, offering to expedite his release. There was a catch: he would have to fill the prison.
After being detained for fifteen years, the prison warden paid him a visit, offering to expedite his release. There was a catch: he would have to fill the prison.
He doggedly tracked his bounty through the Rocky Mountains of Colorado, cornering him in the town of Silverton.
Caleb's life has been rife with misfortune. It's time for him to make his own luck.
He doggedly tracked his bounty through the Rocky Mountains of Colorado, cornering him in the town of Silverton.
Little Caleb sat in front of the general store, trying to build a fake gun with trimmed branches while waiting for his mother.
He'd need protection to last. ​The prison warden pulled strings, had him deputized, and released two dozen Irish inmates to form his posse. The Hellshire Riders were born and they were thirsty for blood.
He had no qualms about spilling blood, even if it meant losing some of his own in the process.
The man Caleb claimed a bounty on had an unusual outfit, like nothing he’d seen before. Wherever it was from, it was his now.
He tossed and turned in his cell, dreaming of his devices being used against him.
After being left for dead, he suffered a grueling surgery that left him with a limp. He swore vengeance.
The subject's boiling blood made the serum flow like lightning.
He loved to ride trains with his father.
He had never experienced Valentine's Day. Love was never in the cards for him.
His target was a bank robber who had escaped justice by boarding a whaling ship leaving the harbor. Five years later, the bank robber was spotted at the harbor up north.
One cannot skulk in the shadows without attracting the creatures of the night.
His endless pursuit brought him to a watering hole populated by beings from other worlds.
The Deathslinger has 1 alternate Character model available in the in-game Store:
The Deathslinger is part of 3 DLCs:


--- https://deadbydaylight.wiki.gg/wiki/Oni ---

Kazan Yamaoka (Japanese: 山岡 崋山) or "The Oni" is one of 42 Killers currently featured in Dead by Daylight .
He was introduced as the Killer of CHAPTER 14: Cursed Legacy , a Chapter DLC released on 3 December 2019 and retired on 8 January 2024.
He is still available in the In-Game Store and as part of the Old Wounds Pack Chapter Pack DLC.
The Oni is a monstrous Killer, able to absorb the blood energy of his injured foes, and then use that energy to transform into a brutal demon. Using his power, Yamaoka's Wrath , he can rush down Survivors at great speed and deal deadly strikes with his Kanabō.
His personal Perks, Zanshin Tactics , Blood Echo , and Nemesis , provide navigational information, punish injured Survivors, and gain advantages over those that interfere.
Honouring his family name was never enough for Kazan Yamaoka. He wanted to surpass his father's reputation and end what he saw as the thinning of samurai culture with farmers often posing as samurai.  His father tried to turn Kazan's attention to more noble pursuits, but Kazan refused to heed his advice, and borrowing his father's Katana, he embarked on a dark pilgrimage to prove his worth and rid Japan of impostors. Ignoring the code that had been taught to him, Kazan killed impostors in the hills and the valleys, on the beaches and in the woodland. The killings were brutal, cruel and morbid. He humiliated farmers and warriors alike, yanking off their topknots and stripping them of their armour. His rage, bloodlust and perverse sense of honour knew no bounds. Monks believed he was possessed by something dark and otherworldly and cursed him while a noble lord began to call him 'Oni-Yamaoka,' the rageful Samurai, an insult both to Kazan and his family.
Determined to redeem his family's name, Kazan now butchered anyone who dared call him Oni-Yamaoka. The insult confused him. He had defeated the best and he had purified the samurai class by ridding the land of impostors. How could anyone refer to him as an ogre? Had it been because he had marched onto a battlefield to cut down the fiercest warriors. Had it been because he had taken a Kanabo and dashed hundreds of skulls with it?  Or had it been because of his need to secure a 'trophy' from his victims. It didn't matter. Being called an ogre was more than he could bear and an ominous voice in his head urged him to strike down the lord who had desecrated his name.
As Kazan made for the lord's town, he suddenly found himself face to face with a samurai standing on a dirt road, blocking his way. Kazan readied his Kanabo. Without a word, the samurai attacked and quickly secured the upper hand. But he hesitated. With a devastating blow, Kazan crushed the samurai's head and cracked his helmet. As Kazan approached the fallen samurai, he saw his father's face and staggered back to his haunches. His father stared at Kazan with mingled shame and regret as he issued his last breath. Kazan closed his eyes and screamed in agony until he could scream no more. When he opened his eyes again... his father was gone. Not only had he killed his father, but he had allowed thieves to steal his body for armour.
Bitter, lost and disillusioned, Kazan roamed the land aimlessly with his father's voice rattling in his head, taunting him, reminding him of his failures, sending him into fits of uncontrollable black rage. One day, walking in the woods, Kazan happened upon an Oni statue. He stopped and stood motionless for a long moment. The weathered and overgrown statue seemed to be ridiculing him, accusing him of being the impostor samurai he had so desperately sought to destroy. Kazan shook the laughing voice out of his head and half remembered the lord who had ridiculed him as 'Oni-Yamaoka.'
With renewed anger, Kazan journeyed to a town high up in the snowy mountains where the lord resided. A dozen samurai met Kazan at the gates of the town. A dozen samurai fell to his Kanabo. His speed and strength were unmatched. His rage was incomprehensible. Covered in blood and gore, Kazan battled through the town and soon found the lord hiding in a villa. He dragged him out of a cabinet, sliced his tendons to immobilise him and watched him beg and squirm like a dog. Without hesitation, he thrust his fist into the lord’s mouth and yanked out the wicked tongue that had desecrated his name.
Satisfied, Kazan exited the villa to find himself surrounded by dozens of farmers wielding rusted scythes, sharp pitchforks, and heavy clubs. He survived the first few assaults, but there were too many attackers coming from every direction. Within moments Kazan was on the ground staring at a cold, indifferent, darkening sky as farmers took turns stabbing and torturing the 'Oni' who had butchered their beloved lord. The frenzied mob dragged Kazan into a small stone mill to continue the torture and finally left him to die a slow, agonising death. When they returned, the mill was filled with a strange black fog and Kazan’s body and the Kanabo were nowhere to be found. It was the beginning of a dark legend about a rageful Oni haunting the town.
The table below lists additional Lore about The Oni from The Archives , either from Tomes that featured him or from individual Lore entries that mentioned him:
The Oni comes with 3 Perks that are unique to him:
Whenever you hook a Survivor, Blood Echo triggers its effect:
Whenever a Survivor other than your Obsession blinds you by any means or stuns you with a Pallet or a Locker , Nemesis triggers its primary effect:
"Only a fool would spit in a demon's face and declare victory." — Renjiro's Doctrine 4:9
Unlocks potential in your Aura-reading ability:
Prestiging The Oni will automatically add Tier I of his Unique Perks to the inventories of all other Killers and unlock the ability for their higher-tiered versions to spawn in their Bloodweb .
Prestige The Oni twice more to automatically add Tier II and Tier III respectively into the other Killers' inventories.
The Yamaoka Blade is the Primary Weapon of The Oni . A long blade that was passed down from one generation to the next.
"The desire to destroy weaker bloodlines shaped into a literal force." SPECIAL ABILITY: YAMAOKA'S WRATH Yamaoka's Wrath passively fills the Power Gauge by +0.2 c/s , up to a maximum of 98 Charges .
Successful Basic Attacks on healthy Survivors fill the Power Gauge by +40 Charges . SPECIAL STATE: ABSORPTION MODE Press and hold the Power button to absorb nearby Blood Orbs left in the environment by injured Survivors, further filling the Power Gauge:
SPECIAL STATE: BLOOD FURY Once the Power Gauge is full at 100 Charges , press the Secondary Power button to transition into Blood Fury :
SPECIAL LOCOMOTION: DEMON DASH Press and hold the Power button during Blood Fury to perform a Demon Dash :
SPECIAL ATTACK: DEMON STRIKE Press and hold the Attack button during Blood Fury to perform a Demon Strike with extended reach:
Hitting Survivors with the Kanabo instead by just pressing the Attack button only inflicts single damage.
Absorption Mode: This is whenever The Oni is not in Blood Fury .
"If a father sacrifices not for his children, then who does he father?" — Renjiro's Doctrine 11:12
"Though Death is focused, he has been known to blink." — Renjiro's Doctrine 14:5
"It is no coincidence that man is so familiar with demons." — Renjiro's Doctrine 3:8
"To plan subterfuge, begin with a counsel of none." — Renjiro's Doctrine 7:9
"Know who you are so you may shield your heart." — Renjiro's Doctrine 11:2
Renjiro's Bloody Glove grants Survivors the ability to see Blood Orbs at the same distance as you.
"When all else spills out, cling only to your honour." — Renjiro's Doctrine 14:12
Used exclusively in 2v8 Trials, the Innate Skill modifies Yamaoka's Wrath with the following effects:
There are 2 Achievements related to The Oni :
Unlocks potential in your Aura-reading ability:
Whenever you hook a Survivor, Blood Echo triggers its effect:
Whenever a Survivor other than your Obsession blinds you by any means or stuns you with a Pallet or a Locker , Nemesis triggers its primary effect:
"Only a fool would spit in a demon's face and declare victory." — Renjiro's Doctrine 4:9
Players can choose from a variety of Cosmetic options to customise The Oni :
"Have a Wonderful Winter 2019-2020!" - The Dead by Daylight Team
"Thank you for supporting & inspiring us along the years!" - The Dead by Daylight Team
It was a violent, horrible end for Kazan. Overwhelmed by dozens of peasants after killing dozens of others, he was slashed, stabbed, beaten and left to die.
He entered the battle dressed as a lord and humiliated imposter samurai before exiling into a forest where he would later cut them down.
He discovered the clothing near a sculpted Daruma figurine that looked like him.
He discovered the clothing near a sculpted Daruma figurine that reminded him of himself.
Kazan was sitting under the shadow of a tree. Flies flew around him, attracted by sweat and blood.
On a red-sky night, he emerged from the burning forest, ready to kill.
He set off to bring honor back to the samurai. He disappeared from home with his kanabo and his father's katana.
He set off to bring honor back to the samurai. He disappeared from home with his kanabo and his father's katana.
He set off to bring honor back to the samurai. He disappeared from home with his kanabo and his father's katana.
He set off to bring honor back to the samurai. He disappeared from home with his kanabo and his father's katana.
He was captured by a small group of farmers posing as samurai to be presented to the region's lord, but he escaped and killed all his captors.
He was captured by a small group of farmers posing as samurai to be presented to the region's lord, but he escaped and killed all his captors.
He was captured by a small group of farmers posing as samurai to be presented to the region's lord, but he escaped and killed his captors.
It was a violent, horrible end for Kazan. Overwhelmed by dozens of peasants after killing dozens of others, he was slashed, stabbed, beaten and left to die.
He entered the battle dressed as a lord and humiliated imposter samurai before exiling into a forest where he would later cut them down.
He entered the battle dressed as a lord and humiliated imposter soldiers before exiling them into a forest where he would later cut them down.
After a small town was ravaged by bandits, he eagerly tracked them down in the mountains.
He cleansed his blades in a sacred pond touched by the rays of the full Fire Moon.
He discovered the clothing near a sculpted Daruma figurine that looked like him.
As stories circulated, many peasants believed him to be a literal oni. They feared that an otherworldly creature—something beyond human—was coming for them in the night.
A new, unnatural fury took hold of him. Instinct took over, and his thirst for violence grew.
He grew arrogant following his recent conquests and believed that his success was destined.
He moved through the forest, trying to keep up as his target darted around him.
His overwhelming strength made him a priority candidate for testing. The searing pain of the experiment, more than anything, made his rage even more potent.
He practiced in heavy gear to build his strength.
The day of Namahage was the perfect opportunity for him. Dressing as an Oni, he was welcomed into homes to admonish naughty children... but it wasn't the children he was after.
As memories and myths of The Entity’s victims merged in The Fog, a wretched minotaur materialized, unbound from any prison maze.
The field was littered with thousands of fallen undead samurai and he sought the one responsible.
A violent and deadly creature from a lost realm.
The bear roared in bloody fury when it was swept away by a chilling black fog.
The Oni has 4 alternate Character models available in the in-game Store:
For more go to The Oni's Gallery


--- https://deadbydaylight.wiki.gg/wiki/Demogorgon ---

The Demogorgon is one of 42 Killers featured in Dead by Daylight .
It was introduced as the Killer of CHAPTER 13: Stranger Things , a Chapter DLC released on 17 September 2019.
It originates from the 2016 Sci-Fi-Horror Web Television series Stranger Things .
The Chapter was temporarily retracted from Dead by Daylight between 17 November 2021 and 6 November 2023, but it remained a playable Character for anyone who already owned it.
The Demogorgon is an unidentified Killer, able to open multiple Portals and traverse between them to cover large distances. Using its Power, Of the Abyss , it can detect any Survivors within a close proximity to the Portals then unleash a leaping attack to inflict damage from a distance.
Its personal Perks, Surge , Mindbreaker , and Cruel Limits , impact the environment close to Generators and affect nearby Survivors in unexpected ways.
During the Chapter's temporary departure from Dead by Daylight , these Perks were replaced with a generic variant each: Jolt , Fearmonger , and Claustrophobia . These generic perks have been replaced with The Demogorgon's original Teachable Perks with the Chapter's return to Dead by Daylight .
A blooming mouth full of needle-like teeth for a face, large, curved, razor-sharp claws, and powerful legs to pounce on victims, make The Demogorgon a frightening monster to face in any dimension. It is a nightmare of unrestrained, feral rage as it hunts down its prey and rips it to pieces, devouring every last morsel of flesh and gore, leaving nothing for scavengers. The creature is untouched by any sense of compassion or restraint. Looming over its victim, it shows no doubt or mercy, just the pure instinct of its insatiable blood lust as it delivers the deathblow. A perfect hunter, The Demogorgon is a macabre testament to the horrors lurking in the Upside Down and why it was choice pickings for The Entity.
The Demogorgon comes with 3 Perks that are unique to it:
Whenever a Generator is completed, Cruel Limits triggers its effect for 20 / 25 / 30 seconds :
While repairing a Generator , Survivors suffer from the following effects:
"The specimen's apparent telepathic ability can evoke feelings of dread and fatigue in nearby individuals." — Hawkins National Laboratory
Whenever you put a Survivor into the Dying State with your Basic Attack , Surge triggers its effect:
Prestiging The Demogorgon will automatically add Tier I of its Unique Perks to the inventories of all other Killers and unlock the ability for their higher-tiered versions to spawn in their Bloodweb .
Prestige The Demogorgon twice more to automatically add Tier II and Tier III respectively into the other Killers' inventories.
The Barbarous Claw is the Primary Weapon of The Demogorgon . A gargantuan hand of immense strength. Its long fingers can brutalise prey.
"An unknown and otherworldly power surged through its body. Suddenly the ground ripped open, swallowing The Demogorgon whole." SPECIAL ABILITY: OF THE ABYSS Press and hold the Power button to channel Of the Abyss :
SPECIAL ATTACK: SHRED Press the Attack button after charging Of the Abyss to at least 65 % to dash forwards and unleash a vicious slash:
SPECIAL OBJECTS: PORTALS The Demogorgon starts the Trial with 6 Portals .
Press and hold the Secondary Power button to bend down and create an Inactive Portal in the ground:
When The Demogorgon interacts with Inactive Portals to traverse the Upside Down , both the Portal he travels from and the one he travels to are transformed into Active Portals :
SPECIAL INTERACTION: SEALING PORTALS Survivors can interact with Active Portals to seal them, either alone or together with other Survivors, though at increasingly reduced efficiency:
Sealing a Portal will recycle it into the inventory of The Demogorgon . SPECIAL LOCOMOTION: TRAVERSING THE UPSIDE DOWN Press and hold the Secondary Power button while standing atop any Portal and aiming at any Highlighted Portal to enter the first Portal and traverse the Upside Down , appearing at the second Portal :
"Emits a strong electromagnetic field: it must have come into contact with the Upside Down." — Hawkins National Laboratory
After traversing the Upside Down , the following effect applies:
You benefit from the following effect:
"A large egg was sighted in the Upside Down, but no sample survived the trip to the lab for proper examination." — Hawkins National Laboratory
"A sample taken from the bark of the tree once used as a gate. So far our conclusion as to its effect are inconclusive." — Hawkins National Laboratory
After traversing the Upside Down , the following effect applies:
"One small dose can cause severe hallucinations." — Hawkins National Laboratory
After traversing the Upside Down , the following effects apply:
When CHAPTER 13: Stranger Things was retracted from Dead by Daylight , all Achievements related to it were replaced by generic ones.
Before that, there were 2 unlockable Achievements related to The Demogorgon :
Whenever you put a Survivor into the Dying State with your Basic Attack , Surge triggers its effect:
While repairing a Generator , Survivors suffer from the following effects:
"The specimen's apparent telepathic ability can evoke feelings of dread and fatigue in nearby individuals." — Hawkins National Laboratory
Whenever a Generator is completed, Cruel Limits triggers its effect for 20 / 25 / 30 seconds :
Playing as The Demogorgon , down Survivors with a Shred Attack a total of 30 times .
Players can choose from a variety of Cosmetic options to customise The Demogorgon :
A live subject was necessary to continue the research… except something went very wrong.
The creature was altered by the dark Fog as it hunted and fed, becoming part Demogorgon, part something else...
An unusual mutation formed in The Entity’s realm, causing rock-like chitin to grow from the creature’s flesh.
The Demogorgon is part of 1 DLC:
For more go to The Demogorgon's Gallery


--- https://deadbydaylight.wiki.gg/wiki/Ghost_Face ---

Danny Johnson or "The Ghost Face" , also known as Jed Olsen , is one of 42 Killers currently featured in Dead by Daylight .
He was introduced as the Killer of CHAPTER 12: Ghost Face® , a Chapter DLC released on 18 June 2019.
He is a BHVR-original interpretation of the Ghost Face character donning the iconic mask licensed by Fun World .
The Ghost Face is a creepy Killer, able to stalk his victims and sneak up silently using his Power, Night Shroud . Affected Survivors will find themselves vulnerable and oblivious to his presence and must use all of their perception and awareness to protect themselves from his approach.
His personal Perks, I'm All Ears , Thrilling Tremors , and Furtive Chase , give him the ability to locate Survivors, defend Generators, and make his Chases unpredictable.
Danny Johnson, known as Jed Olsen by some, grabbed the newspaper from the kitchen counter: it was a week old, but his face was on the front page, grainy and sunken. It was one of those muggy afternoons in Florida when heat and humidity permeated everything in the kitchen, making him sweat while standing still. He slouched in a damp chair to read. This article had better be good—his work in Roseville had been outstanding. GHOST FACE DISAPPEARS June 18, 1993
At first glance, Jed Olsen was a modest and enthusiastic freelancer with experience in a variety of small newspapers. The staff at the Roseville Gazette appreciated how easy-going and honest he seemed, and so he was treated as a stranger for no more than five minutes into his interview:
"Jed quickly spotted the editor-in-chief in the room, gave him a wide smile and a firm handshake, and talked about good old American values. And that was it, he was in." —Ex-Contributor at the Roseville Gazette
Olsen never justified his erratic career path, which zigzagged between several small towns from Utah to Pennsylvania. There was no verification of his previous jobs. He had a decent portfolio plus a good attitude, and they needed a contributor right away.
Olsen had been working at the newspaper for five months when the Roseville Murders began: victims from young to old, stabbed to death in their homes. From the reports, the victims seemed chosen at random, yet the killer knew his way around in the houses. The multiple stab wounds indicated a personal motive. No traces of DNA were found. The local police were confounded: the murders were carried with fury akin to a crime of passion yet coldly premeditated.
The murderer also liked to stalk his targets. Two victims had reported being followed on their way home by a dark figure, a few days prior their death. The killer would follow them from Walleyes, a small bar in Northern Roseville, and snap pictures of them at home, while looking for a way in. He could watch the same victim for weeks, meticulously registering their habits and routines. When he felt the urge to kill, he'd visit the most vulnerable victim on his list, and break inside the house quietly.
The whole staff worked on the Roseville Murders story. Olsen was often sent to interview the family of victims and relay official statements from the police. Unknown to everyone at the time, his involvement added to the final body count.
Panic swelled in Roseville when Olsen produced footage of a hooded figure breaking into a house at night. The masked face, a white blur in the dark, stared at the camera for a second, before disappearing inside. “The Ghost Face Caught on Tape” was the resulting article, written by Olsen. He seemed proud of his work at the time, enjoying how the whole town feared his ghost stories.
Weeks later, Olsen left a note on his work desk and disappeared:
"I hope you liked my stories--I enjoyed bringing them to life. Don't worry, I'm not done." –Jed Olsen
The Roseville law enforcement still refuses to comment as Jed Olsen remains at large.
Danny smiled, ripping out the article from the newspaper. When the investigation had been pointing to him, he’d packed his bags and left Roseville swiftly.
He got up, the clammy seat pulling his skin. An oppressive humidity engulfed him as he entered the bedroom. Condensation dribbled on a small misted-up window as bits of cracked wallpaper hung limply. Its floral pattern was covered with gruesome photos and newspaper headlines. Danny pinned the week-old article on top of a picture of lacerated scalps. A faint pang of hunger hit him, and he wondered when he had eaten last. Was it this morning, while washing his knife and clothes? Or was it last night, after following that girl down the street? He couldn't remember clearly.
Taking a step back, he admired his work on the wall. His mind drifted, remembering all the articles he’d written, the stories he’d planned, and the scenes he’d brought to life.
A shiver ran through him. A chilling breeze transformed the bedroom's humidity into an opaque, freezing Fog. A woman shrieked. Dead leaves crunched under his feet. He smiled in anticipation.
The table below lists additional Lore about The Ghost Face from The Archives , either from Tomes that featured him or from individual Lore entries that mentioned him:
The Ghost Face comes with 3 Perks that are unique to him:
After hooking the Obsession , you benefit from the following effects for 14 / 16 / 18 seconds :
"You have no idea what I have planned for you. It'll be in the news for weeks. I'll make sure of that." — The Ghost Face
Whenever a Survivor performs a Rushed Vault action within 48 metres of your location, you benefit from the following effect:
"There is no need to worry. I've been preparing my whole life for this." — The Ghost Face
After picking up a Survivor, Thrilling Tremors triggers its effects:
"The night assists me and it's endless here." — The Ghost Face
Prestiging The Ghost Face will automatically add Tier I of his Unique Perks to the inventories of all other Killers and unlock the ability for their higher-tiered versions to spawn in their Bloodweb .
Prestige The Ghost Face twice more to automatically add Tier II and Tier III respectively into the other Killers' inventories.
The Tactical Knife is the Primary Weapon of The Ghost Face . See how the streetlights glint on the razor-sharp edge? Anyone should feel honoured to feel it sliding through their ribcage.
"The Ghost Face used to study his victims for weeks, meticulously registering their habits. When the urge to kill swelled, he'd know exactly how and where to strike." SPECIAL ABILITY: NIGHT SHROUD Press the Power button to enter Stealth Mode :
Performing a Basic Attack automatically ends Stealth Mode and depletes the Power Gauge.
Night Shroud has a cool-down of 17 seconds . SPECIAL LOCOMOTION: CROUCHING Press the Secondary Power button to Crouch :
Press the Secondary Power button again to stand back upright. SPECIAL ABILITY: STALKING Press and hold the Power button when in Stealth Mode to start Stalking :
While stalking one or multiple Survivors, their Stalk Meter is filling up at a default rate of +22.5 pts/s , which is indicated on the Survivor Portraits in the HUD. SPECIAL ABILITY: LEANING AND STALKING
Standing behind cover when in Stealth Mode shows the Lean and Stalk prompt. Stalking Survivors while leaning doubles its rate to +45 pts/s . SPECIAL STATE: MARKED
Once the Stalk Meter is full at 100 points , the affected Survivors are Marked and suffer from the following effects for 60 seconds :
SPECIAL INTERACTION: REVEALING Survivors can attempt to reveal The Ghost Face when he is in Stealth Mode , forcing him out of it and disabling his ability to continue stalking them.
Survivors must see at least 30 % of his model in the central part of their screen while he is within 32 metres in order to start revealing him over the course of 1.5 seconds :
"Don't mind me. That's it, keep going. Perfect. That's the image I'll keep of you." — The Ghost Face
"Gotta love Philly: keeps giving and giving and I do not wanna forget any of it." — The Ghost Face
"They all want to know who Ghost Face is. But what they should ask is: who is next?" — The Ghost Face
"Gotta get ready like a scout — without the stupid patches. What I get is much better." — The Ghost Face
"I have been watching you for a while. I wanted this to be special; the kind of headlines that people do not forget." — The Ghost Face
"In this footage, a dark figure is seen entering a house late at night in Northern Roseville, Florida. The police were called the next morning to report a murder in the area. Lock your doors: a Killer is in our midst, roaming freely, like a ghost in the night." — The Roseville Gazette
"An image is worth a thousand words." — The Ghost Face
Used exclusively in 2v8 Trials, the Innate Skill modifies Night Shroud with the following effects:
There are 2 Achievements related to The Ghost Face :
Whenever a Survivor performs a Rushed Vault action within 48 metres of your location, you benefit from the following effect:
"There is no need to worry. I've been preparing my whole life for this." — The Ghost Face
After picking up a Survivor, Thrilling Tremors triggers its effects:
"The night assists me and it's endless here." — The Ghost Face
After hooking the Obsession , you benefit from the following effects for 14 / 16 / 18 seconds :
"You have no idea what I have planned for you. It'll be in the news for weeks. I'll make sure of that." — The Ghost Face
Players can choose from a variety of Cosmetic options to customise The Ghost Face :
Not content to merely stalk those in their homes, he sometimes took to the wilderness to track and kill his victims.
Not content to merely stalk those in their homes, he took to the trials to track and kill his victims.
Temperature changes are common in hauntings. Even when the ghosts are less than supernatural?
Temperature changes are common in hauntings. Even when the ghosts are less than supernatural?
During the Darkening, glacial winds blew from the Lost Realms, spreading an everlasting frost of penetrating ice clusters.
He grabbed this garb impulsively, to spice things up. He had no idea how iconic this look would become for his victims.
The knife finds its mark. With a gasp from the victim, it sinks home, is withdrawn and the blood gushes forth.
He was surprised by the festivities but didn’t say no to the attention.
Christmas spirit filled the frosty air and Danny had one name on his naughty list.
Not content to merely stalk those in their homes, he sometimes took to the wilderness to track and kill his victims.
A specimen who reacted strangely to the latest compounds, resulting in unexpected mutations that cannot yet be explained.
A man with murder on his mind must prepare for blood on his jacket.
He gathered the bodies, thinking of what would make the best story in tomorrow's paper, when an ominous raven flew in through the window.
As fear spread in Roseville, university students launched a masked party to lighten the mood.
The Ghost Face is part of 1 DLC:


--- https://deadbydaylight.wiki.gg/wiki/Plague ---

Adiris or "The Plague" is one of 42 Killers currently featured in Dead by Daylight .
She was introduced as the Killer of CHAPTER 11: Demise of the Faithful , a Chapter DLC released on 19 March 2019 and retired on 8 January 2024.
She is still available in the In-Game Store and as part of the Old Wounds Pack Chapter Pack DLC.
The Plague is a devout Killer, able to infect Survivors from a short distance using her Power, Vile Purge . Survivors inflicted by this contamination risk becoming injured or broken, unless they find a way to cure themselves in a Pool of Devotion .
Her personal Perks, Corrupt Intervention , Infectious Fright , and Dark Devotion , give her the ability to hinder Survivor objectives, while simultaneously confusing and frightening those within her presence.
When she was five years old, Adiris, the youngest of a family of seven, was left on the brick-red burning steps of the Temple of Purgation at the centre of Babylon. To process her shock and sorrow, she held onto the belief that the Gods had a plan for her. Her new life was one of quiet servitude. She would tend to the gardens, prepare ceremonial meals, and polish ceremonial incense burners. At night, she would pray for a sign that would reveal her purpose.
When she came of age, she attended the high-ranking priests during the yearly worshipping of the sea-goat, the God of Water and Creation. Swinging a censer down the great hypo-style hall, she cast thick black fumes that reached the cold towering stone pillars before dissipating. Her worries lifted, and the resulting bliss made her feel closer to the Gods than ever. She worked herself to the bone each day that followed, fulfilling her duties while taking on new ones, as she aided the priests during purification rituals.
The priests were more and more in need of assistance. Cleansings were being performed daily to answer the demand from outside the high temple walls, where a catastrophic plague had resurfaced. Within months, the priests contracted the disease. It did not take long before they became too weak to perform any kind of ritual. Adiris, having assisted many purification rituals, was the only one able to carry on. The swelling panic had to be contained, even if by a novice.
Anxious before her first ceremony, Adiris visited the priests' sanctuary chamber. When she lit the candles, she noticed a narrow opening at the back. Sliding through the gap, she reached a crypt hidden under the sanctuary. The chamber was bare except for the golden statue of a woman, who stood with outstretched hands, her fingers covered in jewels. It was the sign Adiris had been waiting for.
The great hall was packed with followers who bowed down as Adiris entered. She strode to the brick altar and grabbed a ceremonial dagger forged in silver, her ruby ringed fingers wrapping around the blade like claws. The sudden display of luxury intrigued the followers, who were struck already by her youth and beauty.
As she began reciting the Epic of Creation, a woman at the back swooned and collapsed. Adiris rushed to her and noticed the black blisters covering her feet. Without hesitation, Adiris grabbed her sacred blade and swung it at her own foot, severing a toe. Then she offered the bloody part to the Gods, asking them to protect the woman. A silence fell over the followers, who revered Adiris as their new priestess.
Tales of her wealth, beauty, and devotion began to spread across the city as quickly as the disease. Soon, Adiris' followers called her the High Priestess of Babylon.
But her faith was tried when she showed the first signs of infection; her cough became a mix of phlegm and blood, her neck erupted in abscesses, and her four-toed foot darkened. Ashamed of her condition, she began wearing a veiled headpiece and carried a censer that masked the rancid smell of sick that clang to her skin. Hoping to be saved, she kept performing the rituals, offering blessed water and food to her followers.
But no ritual could save her. In a desperate attempt to appease the Gods, Adiris banished herself from the city. She traveled north with a few followers, venturing through the cold woodlands of Urashtu, until it was no longer possible to walk.
They camped in a damp cave, where Adiris lay in a pool of vomit. Her foot, which had turned black, was so swollen she could not go any further. Her followers and she realised the truth in that cave: they were all infected with the plague.
Kneeling among her retching followers, Adiris made one last prayer. The black fumes of incense rose into the damp air before being wiped off by a cold breeze.
Neither the body of Adiris nor those of her followers were ever found. Many told tales of her return, but no one truly knew what fate had befallen the High Priestess of Babylon.
The table below lists additional Lore about The Plague from The Archives , either from Tomes that featured her or from individual Lore entries that mentioned her:
The Plague comes with 3 Perks that are unique to her:
Corrupt Intervention deactivates prematurely once the first Survivor is put into the Dying State .
"It shall be known across the land that the Gods curse the unfaithful." — (The Tablet of Adiris, 3.7)
Whenever the Obsession becomes injured by any means, Dark Devotion activates for 35 / 40 / 45 seconds :
"And terror shall take hold of a defiant non-believer, who shall falsely announce my arrival." — (The Tablet of Adiris, 48.9)
Whenever a Survivor is put into the Dying State by any means, all other Survivors within your Terror Radius will scream and reveal their current location to you for 4 / 5 / 6 seconds . "Horror overcomes the heart of infidels who cry at the feet of the fallen." — (Hymn of Praise, 11.4)
Prestiging The Plague will automatically add Tier I of her Unique Perks to the inventories of all other Killers and unlock the ability for their higher-tiered versions to spawn in their Bloodweb .
Prestige The Plague twice more to automatically add Tier II and Tier III respectively into the other Killers' inventories.
The Profane Censer is the Primary Weapon of The Plague . It is exuding the sweet fragrances of the Gardens the Priestess used to tend to.
"Her condition deteriorated as the black plague overtook her body: Her toes blackened, her neck mushroomed into cysts, and her throat gagged with bloody vomit." SPECIAL ABILITY: VILE PURGE Press and hold the Power button to charge Vile Purge . Release the Power button to unleash a stream of infectious bile or press the Attack button to swallow it back down:
SPECIAL STATE: SICKNESS Sickness is indicated on the Status HUD icon of affected Survivors, which also doubles as a Sickness Meter :
SPECIAL OBJECT: POOLS OF DEVOTION Pools of Devotion spawn randomly throughout the environment:
SPECIAL INTERACTION: CLEANSING INFECTION Survivors can approach an Uncorrupted Pool of Devotion and interact with it to cleanse themselves. Cleansing removes all Sickness and automatically heals them back to full health, but corrupts the Pool of Devotion . SPECIAL INTERACTION: INGESTING CORRUPTION The Plague can approach a Corrupted Pool of Devotion and press and hold the Interaction button to ingest its corruption and empower her purge:
The Plague automatically receives Corrupt Purge when Survivors corrupt all available Pools of Devotion , resetting them all. SPECIAL ATTACK: CORRUPT PURGE Press and hold the Power button to charge Corrupt Purge Release the Power button to unleash a stream of lethal bile or press the Attack button to swallow it back down:
If The Plague is stunned by any means during Corrupt Purge , her Power is instantly reset to Vile Purge .
There are 2 Achievements related to The Plague :
Corrupt Intervention deactivates prematurely once the first Survivor is put into the Dying State .
"It shall be known across the land that the Gods curse the unfaithful." — (The Tablet of Adiris, 3.7)
Whenever a Survivor is put into the Dying State by any means, all other Survivors within your Terror Radius will scream and reveal their current location to you for 4 / 5 / 6 seconds . "Horror overcomes the heart of infidels who cry at the feet of the fallen." — (Hymn of Praise, 11.4)
Whenever the Obsession becomes injured by any means, Dark Devotion activates for 35 / 40 / 45 seconds :
"And terror shall take hold of a defiant non-believer, who shall falsely announce my arrival." — (The Tablet of Adiris, 48.9)
Players can choose from a variety of Cosmetic options to customise The Plague :
"Have a Wonderful Winter 2019-2020!" - The Dead by Daylight Team
"Thank you for supporting & inspiring us along the years!" - The Dead by Daylight Team
With weeping eyes to the sky, she prayed for salvation from the gods...
Red and black vestments were her final attempt to conceal the infection ravaging her body.
Some thought the dyes too rich and garish, but to gain a god’s attention, drastic measures sometimes had to be followed.
There was nothing delicate about this butterfly. Her faith had evolved and so had the extremes she would go to for it. Design inspired by Dragonaer .
The robes of the devout women who interrogated those committing dire sins.
An elegant purple gown adorned with gold ornaments.
Her followers feared the rise of another zealotry, but she told them to fear nothing.
Her followers feared the rise of another zealotry, and she had to keep her own fears to herself.
Worn during the holiest of days, or in the most desperate circumstances, and sure to draw the sea-goat's attention.
Worn for the first rituals ever performed by the young priestess.
Worn for the first rituals ever performed by the young priestess.
Worn for the first rituals ever performed by the young priestess.
Worn for the first rituals ever performed by the young priestess.
While performing the most sacred of rituals, she was being consumed by a disease that she helped spread unknowingly.
While performing the most sacred of rituals, she was being consumed by a disease that she helped spread unknowingly.
While performing the most sacred of rituals, she was being consumed by a disease that she helped spread unknowingly.
Desperate to appease the god of mayhem and pestilence, the priestess exiled herself from the fair city of Babylon, never to return.
Desperate to appease the god of mayhem and pestilence, the priestess exiled herself from the fair city of Babylon, never to return.
With weeping eyes to the sky, she prayed for salvation from the gods...
Adiris traveled outside the city walls to gather her thoughts and make a critical decision — one that could be the key to appeasing the gods.
A garment crafted from fish skin and shells.
The High Priestess’s flesh was covered with swollen abscesses. Desperate for a cure, she followed the forbidden practices of a forgotten, dark cult.
A lavish ceremony meant to invoke the god of water and mischief for a final cleanse from affliction.
She emerged from confinement when the serum amplified the disease coursing through her blood.
She gritted her teeth in front of the mirror. Her skin was covered in sores, blackened by necrosis.
Entering this land between life and death, she felt honored to have been bestowed with otherworldly gifts.
There was nothing delicate about this butterfly. Her faith had evolved and so had the extremes she would go to for it. Design inspired by Dragonaer .
Adiris was praying by herself when a furless cat knocked over her censer.
Her followers feared the rise of another zealotry, but she told them to fear nothing.
Worn during the holiest of days, or in the most desperate circumstances, and sure to draw the sea-goat's attention.
Worn during the holiest of days, or in the most desperate circumstances, and sure to draw the sea-goat's attention.
For more go to The Plague's Gallery


--- https://deadbydaylight.wiki.gg/wiki/Legion ---

Frank Morrison, Julie Kostenko, Susie Lavoie, and Joey Cadogan or "The Legion" are one of 42 Killers currently featured in Dead by Daylight .
They were introduced as the Killer of CHAPTER 10: Darkness Among Us , a Chapter DLC released on 11 December 2018 and retired on 8 January 2024.
They are still available in the In-Game Store and as part of the Old Wounds Pack Chapter Pack DLC.
The Legion are a band of merciless Killers, able to rush down helpless Survivors with their power, Feral Frenzy . Attacks made during their frenzy inflict lingering internal damage, downing any Survivors that are not quick enough to react.
Their personal Perks, Discordance , Mad Grit , and Iron Maiden , give them the ability to locate their prey and attack savagely while transporting Survivors to the Hook.
Frank Morrison was nineteen and had little to show for it. He'd stopped attending school after being kicked out of the basketball team for shoving a referee into the stands. Yet Frank was a man of potential, who could light up a room despite his bleak childhood. At six years old, he'd been taken away from Calgary to start a circuit of foster homes. No matter how many times he'd lashed out, threw tantrums and got into fights, they'd kept moving him to new, unfamiliar houses. His last move had been three years prior when his last foster dad, Clive Andrews , had picked him up from the adoption centre. They'd been on the road for seven hours before reaching a small bungalow in Ormond. It would be the longest time they'd spend together. Clive was too busy trading cheques from Family Services for drinks at the bar.
Ormond was a small, stale place; a remote town of six thousand inhabitants where grey winters drag on for most of the year. Frank did everything he could to get into another adoptive family, but he changed his mind when he caught the attention of Julie, a beautiful girl who was convinced that she deserved better than a life in Ormond, and Frank, as an outsider, was her ticket out. Frank attended the parties she threw where everyone was younger than him and easily impressed, which he liked. He met the impulsive Joey, who liked to show off, and the shy, naïve Susie, who was Julie's best friend.
They would hang out at an abandoned lodge up Mount Ormond. Their time together was the perfect break from the boring conformity of their small, insignificant everyday lives. Frank saw it as an opportunity to shape their lack of experience into something powerful. He lined up nights of debauchery and rampage, testing their limits. Bullying, vandalism, and theft were essentially their weekend plans. It came to a point where they would do anything he asked. Nothing was off-limits when they put their masks on. One evening, Frank dared Joey to vandalise the store that had recently fired him. They snuck inside easily enough, as the building was supposed to be empty after closing hours. But a cleaner who was still there grabbed Julie as soon as she came near. Hearing her stifled cries, a dark impulse took over Frank. He rushed to her aid, knife in hand, and without hesitating, planted the blade into the cleaner's back.
As the group stared at Frank in shock, he ordered them to finish the job. Joey clenched his jaw, grabbed the knife, and stabbed the bleeding man in the ribs. Susie didn't want to do it. Frank shouted at her; they had to finish what they'd started. Julie closed her eyes and slid the knife into the man's chest. She handed the wet blade to Susie: they were all in this together now. Susie stared at Julie in disbelief as Frank grabbed her trembling hands and inserted the knife deep into the man's throat. Frank told them to move fast; they mopped the blood off the floor, stashed the body in the trunk of Joey's car, and drove up Mount Ormond.
All four were digging in the muddy snow to dispose of the body when Frank spotted something moving through the woods. He grabbed his knife and broke from the group to check it out. The Fog thickened around Frank, becoming so dense that he soon could no longer see ahead. He retraced his steps and stumbled onto an ominous trail. He followed the eerie path, as if called by the darkness. Julie, Susie, and Joey finished digging, but Frank was nowhere to be seen. Julie spotted his muddy footsteps in the snow and the three of them followed the trail, which took them deeper into the woods. When Julie, Susie, and Joey did not return home that night, their parents thought they'd run away with Frank. Each family came up with a different theory. The mood in the town changed, however, when a body was found by an abandoned lodge up Mount Ormond.
The table below lists additional Lore about The Legion from The Archives , either from Tomes that featured them or from individual Lore entries that mentioned them:
The Legion come with 3 Perks that are unique to them:
"Smartasses get killed. We always see to that." — The Legion
Whenever a Survivor exits a Locker , Iron Maiden triggers its secondary effects:
"This is no place for cowards." — The Legion
"There's no getting out of this now. We're too good at it." — The Legion
Prestiging The Legion will automatically add Tier I of their Unique Perks to the inventories of all other Killers and unlock the ability for their higher-tiered versions to spawn in their Bloodweb .
Prestige The Legion twice more to automatically add Tier II and Tier III respectively into the other Killers' inventories.
The Hunting Knife is the Primary Weapon of The Legion . A sharp blade with a jagged saw back and textured handle.
"They were a plain group of friends until Frank formed them into a Legion. Now they draw power from the thrilling freedom of not abiding to any rule but their own." SPECIAL ABILITY: FERAL FRENZY Press the Power button when the Power Gauge is full to enter Feral Frenzy for up to 11 seconds :
Feral Frenzy takes 15 seconds to recharge. SPECIAL ABILITY: FERAL VAULT Press the Interaction button during Feral Frenzy while next to a dropped Pallet or a Window to perform a Feral Vault :
SPECIAL ABILITY: FERAL SLASH Press the Attack button during Feral Frenzy to initiate a Feral Slash Attack . Hitting a Survivor with it applies the following effects:
Hitting a Survivor already suffering from Deep Wound or missing a Feral Slash automatically ends Feral Frenzy . SPECIAL STATE: FATIGUE After Feral Frenzy either elapses or The Legion cancel it prematurely, they enter a state of Fatigue , reducing their Movement speed to 2.3 m/s for 2.5 seconds .
Julie's Mix Tape can be combined with any other Mix Tape Add-on to unlock multiple sound layer combos.
Joey's Mix Tape can be combined with any other Mix Tape Add-on to unlock multiple sound layer combos.
Susie's Mix Tape can be combined with any other Mix Tape Add-on to unlock multiple sound layer combos.
Survivors hit with chained Feral Slashes grant Tokens towards BFFs :
During Feral Frenzy , you benefit from the following effects:
The Fuming Mix Tape can be combined with any other Mix Tape Add-on to unlock multiple sound layer combos.
"The youth consumed by the iridescent glass magnifies and widens the reach of The Entity."
The Mix Tape Add-ons change The Legion's Terror Radius by unlocking an additional layer on the closest proximity or when in a Chase:
Used exclusively in 2v8 Trials, the Innate Skill modifies Feral Frenzy with the following effects:
There are 2 Achievements related to The Legion :
"Smartasses get killed. We always see to that." — The Legion
Whenever a Survivor exits a Locker , Iron Maiden triggers its secondary effects:
Players can choose from a variety of Cosmetic options to customise The Legion :
"Have a Wonderful Winter 2018-2019!" - The Dead by Daylight Team
"Thank you for supporting & inspiring us along the years!" - The Dead by Daylight Team
"Thank you for supporting & inspiring us along the years!" - The Dead by Daylight Team
Susie was bullied by a particularly vicious cheerleader at school. It didn’t end well for the cheerleader.
Rugged and confident apparel for throwing back a few and seeing where the violent cravings take you.
Weekends are for letting loose and getting wild.
It was only a rickety boat on an Albertan lake that he stole, but he did so with a flair for the dramatic.
One night she just decided to smash and burn every Valentine’s decoration in Ormond.
He was heartbroken when his cat died. As a child facing death for the first time, he struggled to understand.
He gave an unsettling look to the dancing crowd at a space music festival.
An outfit that prevents identification from street cameras, it’s loaded with everything needed for a night of mayhem. Design inspired by Amacky .
Perfect for an all-night rave. Or an all-night murder spree.
She helped carry the cleaner’s body to Joey’s car, exhilarated and furious.
There’s no running away from The Legion.
There’s no running away from The Legion.
There’s no running away from The Legion.
There’s no running away from The Legion.
Bullying, vandalism, and theft were their weekly routine.
Bullying, vandalism, and theft were their weekly routine.
The family loaded into the car to go apple picking. Julie sat in her room, hating everyone and everything.
Susie was bullied by a particularly vicious cheerleader at school. It didn’t end well for the cheerleader.
Rugged and confident apparel for throwing back a few and seeing where the violent cravings take you.
Weekends are for letting loose and getting wild.
Time to start preparing for the college application process.
Time to start preparing for the college application process.
He dressed up as his favorite character to attend the GamePlay Expo, a brand-new video game exhibition show.
One night she just decided to smash and burn every Valentine’s decoration in Ormond.
Joey lay in bed, watching the snow fall outside his window. Christmas was in two days, and he was sick of waiting.
Ready to crash a party and add souls to the land of the dead.
Ready to crash a party and add souls to the land of the dead.
A gaping hole spilled the mysterious remains of ancient, lost realms. A grinning mascot outfit trickled down from the pile of items, landing at the feet of The Legion.
There's no need to hide. We have the strength of numbers.
A twisted display of her memories from a school trip to a museum. Designed by Domrebel .
A gaping hole spilled the mysterious remains of ancient, lost realms. A grinning mascot outfit trickled down from the pile of items, landing at the feet of The Legion.
A gaping hole spilled the mysterious remains of ancient, lost realms. A grinning mascot outfit trickled down from the pile of items, landing at the feet of The Legion.
Susie approached the evil lord from behind and rolled to land the killing blow. It was a critical fail; Susie's rogue took damage while Joey's fighter killed the lord with a single hit.
He slammed the door of his bedroom, cursing his newest foster parents, when he heard a strange chittering nearby.
A sinister scratching noise shattered the stifling atmosphere of the realm, and Frank watched as his mask and clothes began to change.
Feeling anxious to fit in the group, Susie skipped school to prove herself, wandering the streets of Chinatown during the Lunar New Year.
He was kicked off the basketball team due to his violent behavior.
Joey’s louder, more urban take on the Legion’s more nondescript style.
She braved the night to create. Even when surrounded in darkness, she shone.
An outfit that prevents identification from street cameras, it’s loaded with everything needed for a night of mayhem. Design inspired by Amacky .
Bored, she broke into several homes.
Susie knew that her first sleepover would also be her last. The way the other kids treated her made her feel like she didn’t fit in.
A gaping hole spilled the mysterious remains of ancient, lost realms. A grinning mascot outfit trickled down from the pile of items, landing at the feet of The Legion.
He invited himself to a costume party to create havoc in the crowd.
Repulsive. The serum has grafted the four specimens into a single creature, three of which are entrapped within the flesh of the host, ineffectually attempting to escape.
Little is known of this Umbrella specialist, aside from his silent demeanor and cold efficiency in combat situations.
The Legion has 2 alternate Character models available in the in-game Store:
For more go to The Legion's Gallery


--- https://deadbydaylight.wiki.gg/wiki/Spirit ---

Rin Yamaoka (Japanese: 山岡 凜) or "The Spirit" is one of 42 Killers currently featured in Dead by Daylight .
She was introduced as the Killer of CHAPTER 9: Shattered Bloodline , a Chapter DLC released on 18 September 2018 and retired on 8 January 2024.
She is still available in the In-Game Store and as part of the Maddening Darkness Pack Chapter Pack DLC.
The Spirit is a phase-walking Killer, able to catch Survivors off-guard with her traversal Power, Yamaoka's Haunting . Her Power allows her to teleport from one place to another without being seen.
Her personal Perks, Spirit Fury , Hex: Haunted Ground , and Rancor , give her tools to observe and bait Survivors, and deal with obstacles directly in her path.
She inherited incredible fury from her ancestors. The wrath that flows through her veins is her legacy. The terrible pain she suffered set it off. Swift and lethal, The Spirit exacts her revenge endlessly.
Rin was the only child of the Yamaoka family. She was raised in the dusty halls of a traditional house in Kagawa. She studied Education at Takamatsu, a private university, which weighed heavily on her family's shaky finances. Her mother got ill that year and the bills started piling up. Rin worked part-time in a futile attempt to help lighten the load.
Her father faced a debt that grew without end. He started working double-shifts in hopes of obtaining a promotion. That's when he started losing sleep. A dark whisper would keep him awake all night, reminding him of his hopeless situation. Exhausted, he started to lose grasp of reality. Fighting to deny what the voice whispered at night, Rin's father made a desperate move. He met with his superior and explained his situation. He begged for a bonus, an advance, time-off---anything.
His request was denied. The company had launched a defective production line that was costing them dearly. Someone had to be held accountable and Rin's father fitted the bill perfectly. He was fired after twenty-two years of service.
That evening, Rin came home from work. She'd stayed late to entertain customers that lingered at the restaurant. As she parked her bike in the shed, she heard her mother's scream come from the house.
She rushed in, climbing up the stairs to her parents' room. There she found bits and pieces of her mother on the floor. Her limbs were clean-cut, tangled up in an unnatural position. Her breasts were sliced up, revealing her rib cage, which was cracked open. Rin gagged.
A sharp Katana came crashing down. Rin blocked the blade, which bit into her bare forearm. The shock of recognition interrupted her pain: her father was wielding the Katana with a stoic expression. She cried out to make him stop, but he slashed her arm again.
She rushed off and slid on the blood-smeared floor. Using the door frame as support, she raised herself up. The Katana ripped through the wall, cleaving her other arm. She screamed in pain as she limped into the hallway, only to be met by her father's blade.
She stepped back, trembling, as she held together the soft loose flesh of her abdomen. Images of her mother's tangled limbs flashed before her eyes.
Rin charged at her father, making him stumble back. He punched her torn abdomen and she recoiled in pain. As she struggled to get back up, he slashed her thigh, making her collapse on the floor.
As she crawled towards the stairs, he grabbed her hair and yanked her against a partition. The glass shattered on impact and she fell through, landing one floor down.
She heard footsteps somewhere above her. With effort, she moved, worming her way into a sea of broken glass. The shards gnawed at her, ripping her flesh. He had to be stopped. He would not get away with what he'd done to her--with what he'd done to her mother.
Coughing up blood, her chin grazed the glass, adding to the bleeding. A low-pitched heartbeat started to ring in her ears. Her body felt so heavy she could no longer move.
The ground shook with her father's footsteps. She knew she was not going to make it, but she no longer cared. She would make him pay, in this life or the next.
A dark Fog slowly veiled her eyes, but it could not subdue her rage. She would not rest--not yet. The darkness whispered, promising blood and revenge.
An oath was made and Rin closed her eyes.
The table below lists additional Lore about The Spirit from The Archives , either from Tomes that featured her or from individual Lore entries that mentioned her:
Yamaoka's Haunting comes with 3 Perks that are unique to her:
Hex: Haunted Ground extinguishes the second Hex Totem after tripping its trap. Hex: Haunted Ground is disabled for the remainder of the Trial after triggering its effect.
Once the Exit Gates are powered, Rancor additionally triggers its secondary effects on the Obsession :
You can only be obsessed with one Survivor at a time.
After manually breaking a total of 4 / 3 / 2 dropped Pallets by any means, Spirit Fury activates:
Prestiging The Spirit will automatically add Tier I of her Unique Perks to the inventories of all other Killers and unlock the ability for their higher-tiered versions to spawn in their Bloodweb .
Prestige The Spirit twice more to automatically add Tier II and Tier III respectively into the other Killers' inventories.
The Shattered Katana is the Primary Weapon of The Spirit . A single-edged straight sword handed down from generation to generation. The blade shattered after spilling the blood of her kin.
"Yamaoka is the name she carries from her ancestors, who unleashed hell on the battlefield. The Spirit draws her power from their wrath, haunting the living as retribution for her suffering. The Spirit can use Yamaoka's Haunting to enter the Ethereal Plane and re-appear at a new location." SPECIAL ABILITY: YAMAOKA'S HAUNTING Press and hold the Power button to charge Yamaoka's Haunting and initiate a Phase-Walk for up to 5 seconds :
Yamaoka's Haunting has a cool-down of 15 seconds . SPECIAL LOCOMOTION: PHASE-WALK During a Phase-Walk , The Spirit experiences the following effects:
The Spirit retains her speed boost for 1 second after ending a Phase-Walk . SPECIAL ABILITY: PASSIVE-PHASING The Spirit is constantly phasing in and out of view for Survivors whenever she is not currently in a Phase-Walk .
Husk: Perks tracking The Spirit are unable to track her ethereal form and will only track or reveal the Husk instead.
Miscellaneous: The Spirit is able to hear all sounds Survivors make while she is Phase-Walking and can see them interacting with the environment (e.g. moving grass-blades) and use that to track them. She can also see the location of Loud Noise Notifications .
Used exclusively in 2v8 Trials, the Innate Skill modifies Yamaoka's Haunting with the following effects:
There are 2 Achievements related to The Spirit :
After manually breaking a total of 4 / 3 / 2 dropped Pallets by any means, Spirit Fury activates:
Hex: Haunted Ground extinguishes the second Hex Totem after tripping its trap. Hex: Haunted Ground is disabled for the remainder of the Trial after triggering its effect.
Once the Exit Gates are powered, Rancor additionally triggers its secondary effects on the Obsession :
Players can choose from a variety of Cosmetic options to customise The Spirit :
"Have a Wonderful Winter 2018-2019!" - The Dead by Daylight Team
"Thank you for supporting & inspiring us along the years!" - The Dead by Daylight Team
Does the gentle hue reveal humanity beneath her rancor, or is it simply a reminder of what has been lost?
An opulent suit of ancient armor, lost for generations until it mysteriously reappeared one day.
Rin lost everything, and in her last moments she swore revenge on her murderous father.
Rin lost everything, and in her last moments she swore revenge on her murderous father.
Rin lost everything, and in her last moments she swore revenge on her murderous father.
The armor fit perfectly. It felt like it was made for her. Yet... something made her feel uneasy.
Every dream was the same. Her father, thirsty for blood. And a snake that saves her at the last moment.
The nightmares were relentless. Death lit up her father's eyes, and only the snake could save her.
Rin lost everything, and in her last moments she swore revenge on her murderous father.
Darkness runs in the family. Go home, if you dare.
Darkness runs in the family. Go home, if you dare.
Darkness runs in the family. Go home, if you dare.
Darkness runs in the family. Go home, if you dare.
Darkness runs in the family. Go home, if you dare.
Gasping for air and only getting water. But your vengeance awaits. Your focus shifts: surviving is inevitable and so is your retaliation.
The night whispers in your ears as you feel claws grazing your skin. Bear the markings of evil.
Embody the tale of superhuman strength and bravery.
A uniform dating from when her mother was healthy and her father employed. These days are long gone.
Does the gentle hue reveal humanity beneath her rancor, or is it simply a reminder of what has been lost?
A uniform dating from when her mother was healthy and her father employed. These days are long gone.
A uniform dating from when her mother was healthy and her father employed. These days are long gone.
Originating from an island surrounded by the sea, she grew up by the water, fascinated by the haunting myths of the human-fish.
Fused in The Fog with the myths and stories of Survivors past, Rin took on the appearance of the Greek goddess of night.
Sakura blossoms swaying in the cold night wind was a distant memory tainted with blood.
She emerged from captivity when the serum sparked her ancestral rage, making her blood boil with fury.
Once the height of luxury and elegance, now a testament to years of woe.
When the moon hangs low, the haunting begins.
As long she could lay in the shadows, she wouldn’t say no to a day at the beach.
Her gaze was fixated on her father's sword as it grew hotter in the fire while everything else froze in time.
Since defeating her opponent in a sparring match, it had been bubbling up inside her. She couldn't shove it back down. Confidence? Strength? Yes, but something more.
A traditional outfit that combined ancestral patterns with modern designs.
She rushed home after a long shift at the restaurant. Lanterns hung from the windows of each house she passed.
She arranged her pillows and settled in to read her book. The summer sun beamed through the window, and she tried to ignore the sweat on her brow.
During the Darkening, glacial winds blew from the Lost Realms, spreading an everlasting frost of penetrating ice clusters.
The armor fit perfectly. It felt like it was made for her. Yet... something made her feel uneasy.
She started to split, a new face growing next to hers, when the fog engulfed her.
Every dream was the same. Her father, thirsty for blood. And a snake that saves her at the last moment.
A monstrous and calculating creature from a lost realm.
The Spirit had 2 alternate Character models available in the in-game Store:
Up to Patch 6.7.0 , The Spirit's Husk was vulnerable to bright lights:


--- https://deadbydaylight.wiki.gg/wiki/Clown ---

As we emerged into a new, yet somehow familiar, place, I saw it clearly for the first time: a carney's caravan, pulled by something that appeared to be a horse but was, to my eyes, older and more terrible.
I watched from the trees as a crack appeared at the doorway and a warm, golden light spilled forth into this desolate place. The effect was, I suspect, deliberately inviting, but the figure that emerged was anything but: its costume a hodgepodge of ringmaster, clown and other fairground attire. Its face was a nightmare in greasepaint, a caricature of a smile slashed across its flabby lips. At its waist were a collection of what looked for all the world like fingers. But what creature would be so monstrous as to collect such trophies?
The Clown surveyed its new surrounding and its gaze lit on me. A rictus split its face in two and it nodded at me before returning to the caravan. I suspect that it prefers its victims to be less aware than I, and I thanked the stars for that.''
Kenneth Chase or "The Clown" , also known as Jeffrey Hawk , is one of 42 Killers currently featured in Dead by Daylight .
He was introduced as the Killer of CHAPTER 8: Curtain Call , a Chapter DLC released on 12 June 2018 and retired on 8 January 2024.
He is still available in the In-Game Store and as part of the Maddening Darkness Pack Chapter Pack DLC.
The Clown is a strategic Killer, able to control and corral Survivors by throwing bottles of The Afterpiece Tonic to create clouds of noxious gas that cover large areas for a short amount of time. Survivors intoxicated by the gas are inflicted with impaired vision and movement speed, and give away their location by coughing loudly.
His personal Perks, Bamboozle , Coulrophobia , and Pop Goes the Weasel , provide vaulting advantages and negatively impact Survivor Healing speed and Repairs.
He has a surprising agility for a man of his size, along with a terrifying appearance and the ability to sabotage the Survivor's efforts.
Kenneth Chase was born in 1932 by a difficult labour, which his mother wouldn't survive. This event drove a rift between him and his father that never closed. As the boy grew, so did his father's resentment, and his drinking habit. By the time Kenneth was at school, they lived mostly separate lives.
Academically, he was unremarkable, coasting by on his significant athletic prowess. He grew tall and strong, excelling at track events, but shunned any attempts to coax him into team sports.
On his walk home from school, he would often find feathers on the ground and he soon began a collection, keeping them in a cigar box under his bed. With his father either at work or in an alcohol-induced stupor, Kenneth had hours to spend alone, transfixed by the regularity of the feathers' barbs and the feeling of softness as he ran them over his lips. Watching the birds that came to the feeder in his garden, he imagined how soft they must be and resolved to catch one. He ingratiated himself with the local dentist, soon procuring some anaesthetic. Using this, he rigged up a trap on the feeder, that he hoped would knock out a bird long enough that he could touch it.
After a few failed attempts, he managed to trap a robin. As it lay in his hand, he felt a sudden rush, of a life at his mercy. He had planned to release it once it recovered from the anaesthetic. Instead, as its eyes flickered back into consciousness and it began to struggle, his grip remained firm. His fingers slowly tightened around its throat, squeezing until its chest feathers were finally still. He disposed of the body, keeping just a feather, with which he started a new collection, discarding the others as "fake".
By the late 1940s, Kenneth had left school and started working as a busboy at a local diner. He had also escalated to larger prey, like squirrels, raccoons and dogs, becoming skilled at customising the anaesthetic dosage for each.
In early 1954, a young man went missing and the town was turned upside down in the search. A few months later, Kenneth's father, while doing some work in the crawlspace under the house, found a cigar box. He broke it open and saw, to his horror, that it contained feathers, animal paws, and a man's finger.
Returning from work, Kenneth saw his father leaving the crawlspace with a cigar box in his hands. He turned on his heel and never went home again.
After a few weeks of living rough, he encountered a travelling circus and, with his prodigious strength, was hired to work the ropes. He assumed a new name: Jeffrey Hawk.
Suddenly surrounded by a close-knit community, "Jeffrey" had to learn to socialise. He donned a new personality like a disguise, quickly becoming known as charming and helpful, and was welcomed into his new family.
Over the next decade, he stayed with the circus, travelling the length and breadth of the United States. But, with the itinerant life providing few repercussions, he fell into bad habits. Drinks, junk food, drugs, he indulged in all of them to excess. For a time, these vices were enough, but then his old urges returned and his nomadic existence became a cover for him to resume killing. He stole clothes and make-up from performers, fashioning a disguise that would let him get close to his victims before he anaesthetised them, bringing them back to his caravan, where they would awake to find themselves bound and at his mercy. He would finally get to have his fun, mentally and physically torturing them, their screams fuelling him, before being lost in the night.
Once their strength was at its lowest, he would carefully examine their fingers, searching for the prettiest, running them over his tongue to find the tastiest. Once he found the best, he would cut it from their hand and proudly add it to his collection, disposing of the rest of the body as pointless waste.
Men, women, young, old, he didn't care. The essence of a good collection is in the variety, in the memories and stories they evoke.
He removed the costume less and less, shedding his old personality with it, fully embracing the clown, his true self.
With time, he became complacent and sloppy. A victim managed to work free of her bindings while he was sleeping off the drink. She escaped, screaming for help, and he awoke to find the rest of the circus bearing down on him. He whipped his horse and the caravan disappeared into the night.
Since then he has roamed the country, a parasite who could always be found at a carnival or circus, but who would never be seen on any playbill. He lured those brave, or foolish enough, to come near, trapped them and moved on before they could be found missing.
Somewhere along the way, he left the ordinary roads of the United States behind him, travelling through a veil of mist and entering a new realm. It was a place of transience and impermanence, perfectly suiting the life he had chosen to lead. Feeling more at home than he had in his entire life, he set up camp and waited for his first visitor.
The table below lists additional Lore about The Clown from The Archives , either from Tomes that featured him or from individual Lore entries that mentioned him:
The Clown comes with 3 Perks that are unique to him:
Whenever you vault a Window , Bamboozle calls upon The Entity for the following effect:
Bamboozle does not extend its effects to vaulting a dropped Pallet .
Survivors inside your Terror Radius suffer from the following effects:
After hooking a Survivor, Pop Goes the Weasel activates for 35 / 40 / 45 seconds . While active, manually damaging a Generator triggers the following effect:
Prestiging The Clown will automatically add Tier I of his Unique Perks to the inventories of all other Killers and unlock the ability for their higher-tiered versions to spawn in their Bloodweb .
Prestige The Clown twice more to automatically add Tier II and Tier III respectively into the other Killers' inventories.
The Madame Butterfly is the Primary Weapon of The Clown . An oversized butterfly knife, as accustomed to inflicting torture and pain as it is to removing limbs and appendages.
"Throughout his years experimenting with anaesthetics and muscle relaxants, The Clown developed several effective concoctions and formulas. His favourite, The Afterpiece Tonic, he has used to great effect, intoxicating and capturing many unwilling victims. The associated Afterpiece Antidote also has useful effects." SPECIAL ABILITY: THE AFTERPIECE TONIC AND ANTIDOTE The Clown starts the Trial with a shared stock of 6 Bottles .
Press the Secondary Power button to switch between the Tonic and the Antidote .
Press the Power button to throw a Bottle . Hold the Power button until a shimmer travels across the Bottle to throw it with maximum strength.
Press and hold the Secondary Power button to replenish the Bottles at any time:
SPECIAL AFFLICTION: TONIC Upon impact, the Tonic Bottle breaks, releasing a fuchsia Gas Cloud that intoxicates Survivors upon contact and while inside it. The Clown is immune to its effects.
Intoxicated Survivors suffer from the following effects while inside the Gas Cloud :
These effects linger for 1 second after leaving the Gas Cloud . SPECIAL BENEFIT: ANTIDOTE Upon impact, the Antidote Bottle breaks, releasing an inactive white Gas Cloud . The Gas Cloud turns yellow after 1 second and invigorates all Players coming into contact with it.
Invigorated Players benefit from the following effect:
SPECIAL INTERACTION: NEUTRALISATION The two types of Gas Clouds instantly neutralise each other upon contact.
Walking from one type into the other one will also neutralise any lingering effects from the former and instead apply the effect(s) of the latter.
Modifies the Bottles with the following effects:
Modifies the Tonic and Antidote with the following effects:
You benefit from the following effect:
Modifies the Tonic with the following effect:
Survivors afflicted by the Tonic suffer from the following effect:
Modifies the Antidote with the following effect:
You benefit from the following effect:
Modifies the Antidote with the following effect:
You benefit from the following effect:
Modifies the Tonic with the following effect:
Modifies the Tonic with the following effect:
While replenishing your Bottles , you benefit from the following effect:
Modifies the Antidote with the following effect:
Survivors afflicted by the Tonic suffer from the following effect:
Modifies the Antidote with the following effect:
Modifies the Antidote with the following effect:
Modifies the Tonic with the following effect:
Modifies the Antidote with the following effect:
Modifies the Tonic with the following effect:
Survivors afflicted by the Tonic or the Antidote suffer from the following effect:
There are 2 Achievements related to The Clown :
Whenever you vault a Window , Bamboozle calls upon The Entity for the following effect:
Survivors inside your Terror Radius suffer from the following effects:
After hooking a Survivor, Pop Goes the Weasel activates for 35 / 40 / 45 seconds . While active, manually damaging a Generator triggers the following effect:
Players can choose from a variety of Cosmetic options to customise The Clown :
"Have a Wonderful Winter 2018-2019!" - The Dead by Daylight Team
"Thank you for supporting & inspiring us along the years!" - The Dead by Daylight Team
A jack-o'-lantern inspired outfit that's sure to terrify the trick-or-treaters.
The most heart-stopping moments occurred outside of the fair’s spotlight.
He didn't like the look of that orangutan from the moment it joined the circus, and he resolved to make its life miserable.
Jeffrey learned there was an opera about a killer clown being performed in the park. Design inspired by Schmeesky .
A vibrant costume to mask the rancid smell emanating from his clothes.
After a fruitless night, he was a bundle of fury amidst a stunning array of hues.
It’s Jeffery Hawk’s fun-loving alter-ego, Mr. Puddles! He's your wacky elephant pal who leaves red puddles everywhere! Design inspired by kangyaku .
What’s black, white, and red all over? Whatever it is, it’s coming and it has a knife.
A garish outfit that’s more fit for a cartoon than real life.
Volunteers, step forward! We need fresh blood to start the show.
Volunteers, step forward! We need fresh blood to start the show.
A jack-o'-lantern inspired outfit that's sure to terrify the trick-or-treaters.
The most heart-stopping moments occurred outside of the fair’s spotlight.
Paint your best blood-stained smile for a parade that no one will forget.
One of the earliest causes of Coulrophobia.
He didn't like the look of that orangutan from the moment it joined the circus, and he resolved to make its life miserable.
He took off when the substance provoked a profound hunger that made his belly swell with anticipation.
It was the time of the year when families were starved for activities and delivered their children to any street performer vaguely fitting the effervescence of Spring.
Jeffrey learned there was an opera about a killer clown being performed in the park. Design inspired by Schmeesky .
Kenneth used to read missing cat posters on his childhood streets.
Thou art an all-round family entertainer.
A vibrant costume to mask the rancid smell emanating from his clothes.
Twisted by his exploration through The Fog, the myths of the Greek god Hades reshaped The Clown's repulsive body.
Don't be lured in by the colorful lights and the sounds of sleigh bells.
He searched for his friends in the haunted maze, searching frantically as he lost his way.
It’s Jeffery Hawk’s fun-loving alter-ego, Mr. Puddles! He's your wacky elephant pal who leaves red puddles everywhere! Design inspired by kangyaku .
He remembered helping out at the circus food stand.
A garish outfit that’s more fit for a cartoon than real life.
It was All Hallow's Eve, and the local farm needed extra hands for their hayride event.
He didn't have cash to spend on a Captain Machin costume for this birthday gig, so he figured he would just make his own get up.
For more go to the Clown's Gallery


--- https://deadbydaylight.wiki.gg/wiki/Pig ---

Amanda Young or "The Pig" is one of 42 Killers currently featured in Dead by Daylight .
She was introduced as the Killer of CHAPTER 7: The SAW™ Chapter , a Chapter DLC released on 23 January 2018.
She originates from the 2004 Horror Movie franchise of the same name, SAW .
The Pig is a tormenting Killer, able to crouch into stealth mode, then ambush Survivors from a short distance. She can also apply Reverse Bear Traps to downed Survivors, forcing them to remove it before the timer runs out, triggering an instant death.
Her personal Perks, Scourge Hook: Hangman's Trick , Surveillance , and Make Your Choice , give her more Map control and expose altruistic Survivors.
When John Kramer, better known as Jigsaw, planned for his son to be born during the Chinese Zodiac's Year of the Pig, he wanted it to represent fertility and rebirth; a new beginning for him and his wife, and the start of a charmed life for his son. But that plan was shattered on the night that a junkie broke into his wife's clinic, hoping to score.
After this event resulted in the death of his unborn son, John finally caught up with the junkie, making him his first test subject, and The Pig was changed forever too. It became a representation of the disease that was rotting John from the inside, a reminder that we are just meat unless we elevate ourselves by our actions, by grasping life from the jaws of death. The Pig became a vessel, an agent of Jigsaw, conveying the subjects to their test. For some of those who emerged victorious, The Pig could still be a rebirth, into their new lives as apprentices, even disciples, of Jigsaw.
That was the case for Amanda Young, a troubled soul, whose life had been a catalogue of harm, both to herself and those around her. That changed when she faced, and bested, Jigsaw's test. Deciding her life was worth something, she became devoted to Jigsaw's cause, ready to take over when cancer consumed him.
But she became more dependent on John, her anguish at his impending death combining with a belief that their test subjects weren't capable of saving themselves, of being reborn in the crucible of the games.
Seeing this, John presented her with another game, another chance to save herself, but Amanda let her rage and jealousy rule her actions. She failed the test and took a bullet as a consequence.
Bleeding out on the tiled floor, darkness engulfed Amanda's vision, accompanied by a sound like creaking wood. Then she was in a forest, once more viewing the world through the eyes of a Pig. Trees surrounded her, their branches clawing at her from all sides. Waves of panic washed over her and she could hear her breath reverberating inside the mask.
Had she been damned, cursed to spend her days here, in this guise? Or maybe this was another test? Maybe she hadn't failed at all? John always thought one step ahead of everyone else, planned for every eventuality, and he would never give up on her, surely?
Jigsaw may have gone but he had passed her onto another. A being for whom she would be The Pig again.
Ultimately, she saw now that she had been right in the choices she had made. The time for games was over. There was no chance of redemption for any of them. They were meat, and meat was destined for slaughter.
The table below lists additional Lore about The Pig from The Archives , either from Tomes that featured her or from individual Lore entries that mentioned her:
The Pig comes with 3 Perks that are unique to her:
Make Your Choice has a cooldown of 40 / 50 / 60 seconds .
"You'd be surprised what tools can save a life." — Amanda Young
At the start of the Trial, 4 Hooks in the environment are changed into Scourge Hooks :
While carrying a Survivor, Scourge Hook: Hangman's Trick triggers its primary effect:
The Auras of damaged Generators are highlighted based on their current state:
Prestiging The Pig will automatically add Tier I of her Unique Perks to the inventories of all other Killers and unlock the ability for their higher-tiered versions to spawn in their Bloodweb .
Prestige The Pig twice more to automatically add Tier II and Tier III respectively into the other Killers' inventories.
The Hidden Blade is the Primary Weapon of The Pig . A razor-sharp blade, attached to a mechanical contraption that can conceal or extend it.
"Forever devoted to her master's cause, she punished the ungrateful and the guilty with slyness and murderous puzzles. The Pig can move stealthily, dash in Ambush attacks and put deadly Reverse Bear Traps on Survivors' heads." SPECIAL ABILITY: JIGSAW'S BAPTISM The Pig starts the Trial with 4 Reverse Bear Traps equipped, which cannot be replenished once used. Additionally, 5 Jigsaw Boxes spawn in random locations in the environment. SPECIAL LOCOMOTION: CROUCHING Press the Secondary Power button to transition into the Crouched State :
Press the Secondary Power button again to transition out of the Crouched State . SPECIAL ABILITY: AMBUSH DASH Press and hold the Attack button while in the Crouched State to charge and perform an Ambush Dash Attack .:
SPECIAL TRAP: REVERSE BEAR TRAPS Press the Power button while standing above a downed Survivor to attach an unarmed Inactive Reverse Bear Trap to their head.
Whenever a Generator is completed, all currently Inactive Reverse Bear Traps are activated.
Active Reverse Bear Traps are armed and on a Death Timer of 150 seconds , which is displayed on the Survivor's Status icon.
Once the Death Timer elapses, the trap snaps open and kills the Trapped Survivor . The Death Timer is paused whenever that Survivor is downed, hooked, or actively being chased by The Pig .
Trapped Survivors may only leave the Trial normally if their trap is inactive . Attempting to leave through the Exit Gates with an active trap will trigger the kill mechanism and execute the Survivor halfway into the exit area. They may still leave through the Hatch . SPECIAL INTERACTION: JIGSAW BOXES Survivors can remove a Reverse Bear Trap by interacting with a Jigsaw Box and finding a key. The Auras of all unsearched Jigsaw Boxes are revealed to Trapped Survivors at all times.
Trapped Survivors must randomly search between 1 to 4 Jigsaw Boxes :
Jigsaw Boxes have a shared pool of 12 searches per Trial.
"You will give everything to me, every cell in your body. The marks on your arms, they're from another life. We'll leave that life behind. When you walk down that corridor there is no turning back. Do you understand that?" — Jigsaw's Baptism
You benefit from the following effect:
Modifies the Ambush Dash attack with the following effects:
Modifies the Ambush Dash attack with the following effects:
While attaching a Reverse Bear Trap to a downed Survivor, Bag of Gears applies its primary effect:
"Listen, there are rules." — Jigsaw
Survivors caught in a Reverse Bear Trap suffer from the following effect:
Survivors caught in a Reverse Bear Trap suffer from the following effect:
While attaching a Reverse Bear Trap to a downed Survivor, Crate of Gears applies its primary effect:
"Amanda, you were with Cecil the night Jill lost Gideon. You killed their child. You know it and I know it." — Detective Hoffman
There are 2 Achievements related to The Pig :
At the start of the Trial, 4 Hooks in the environment are changed into Scourge Hooks :
While carrying a Survivor, Scourge Hook: Hangman's Trick triggers its primary effect:
The Auras of damaged Generators are highlighted based on their current state:
Make Your Choice has a cooldown of 40 / 50 / 60 seconds .
"You'd be surprised what tools can save a life." — Amanda Young
Players can choose from a variety of Cosmetic options to customise The Pig :
To appreciate life, Amanda would have to suffer.
Pigskin is tough and hardwearing, as long as you tan it before it rots.
She realized this party was her chance to prove her worth. The thought gave her chills.
Slaughter is an art requiring razor-sharp wit and deception.
To appreciate life, Amanda would have to suffer.
She comes as a friend, dressed to blend in. Then the games begin.
She triumphed over many gruesome tests in her life before. She accepted that she must endure one more.
For more go to the Pig's Gallery


--- https://deadbydaylight.wiki.gg/wiki/Nightmare ---

Freddy Krueger or "The Nightmare" is one of 42 Killers currently featured in Dead by Daylight .
He was introduced as the Killer of CHAPTER 6: A Nightmare on Elm Street™ , a Chapter DLC released on 26 October 2017.
He originates from the Supernatural Slasher film franchise, A Nightmare on Elm Street , specifically from its 2010 remake of the same name.
The Nightmare is a nightmare Killer, passively pulling Survivors into his Dream World where Survivors are vulnerable to his Dream Abilities . His Dream Projection ability allows him to quickly appear across the map and put pressure onto Survivors.
His personal Perks, Fire Up , Remember Me , and Blood Warden , improve his abilities over time and make him stronger as the trial reaches its climax.
His Perks revolve around stopping Survivors from fleeing. They will make surviving a real pain for all, and managing to escape the Hunting Ground won't be easy.
Difficulty Rating: Moderate ( These Killers require the Player to be comfortable with the basics of the role, though they share common mechanics with easier ones )
Even while he lived, Freddy Krueger was a creature of nightmares for those who truly knew him. Hiding behind a mask of warmth and friendliness, Freddy's actual temperament was known only to his victims. When those victims were finally heard, the parents of Springwood tracked Freddy down and took the law into their own hands. They thought that fire had rid them of a monster that night, that their children were finally safe, but evil as strong as his has a way of surviving.
Years passed, the horror was buried, the victims mercifully forgot. Then, somehow, Freddy returned, and dreams became nightmares once again.
Freddy focused his anger on those he felt had wronged him, building up to his one true obsession, Nancy Holbrook . But he underestimated her strength and resourcefulness. Together with her friend Quentin Smith , she managed to weaken Freddy, mutilating him and leaving him for dead once more.
Death didn't want Freddy the first time he encountered it, why did they think it would take him now? He emerged once more, consumed with vengeance. Then he turned his sights on the boy who had blocked his path to Nancy, his number one.
Freddy invaded Quentin's dreams, terrorising him night after night, until his strength and defences would be at their lowest. When the time was right, he forced the boy to return to the dark reflection of Badham Preschool. Here he would have his final revenge.
Freddy stalked the boy through the school's halls. He took his time, savouring every moment of the hunt. This was what he enjoyed the most, the smell of their sweat in the air, the ragged gasps of their terrified breath. They were his to toy with.
There was the boy, at the end of a long corridor. Too tired and scared to run anymore? Resigned to his fate? Freddy closed in, arms wide, claws raking the wall. Their tips traced along a pipe, the metallic shrieking only adding to the boy’s apprehension.
A shower of sparks rained on the ground, and into the liquid that covered the tiled floor. A blue flame blossomed and quickly engulfed the room.
The boy took flight as Freddy burst from the flames in a fury. Rooms and walls raced past in a blur until they were in Freddy's basement. There would be no escape from here.
Slowly Freddy closed in on the boy. His fear was so strong now that Freddy could almost taste it, but his eyes burned with a defiant hatred that was almost admirable.
Then Freddy felt another presence with him; something old, powerful and dark. A miasma enveloped him and the only sensation was a sound like wooden beams flexing and creaking in the distance. The echoing groan of metal crushed against metal. Something arcane and unknowable, half-way between language and pure terror.
A moment of falling and spinning and then Freddy was back in the school. But not his school. It looked the same, but it felt different. His powers were tempered in some ways and focused in others. The boy had gone for now, but another prey walked the hallways. Some would be inconsequential; others would become his new favourites. All would fall before his claws.
The Nightmare comes with 3 Perks that are unique to him:
Once per Trial, hooking a Survivor while Blood Warden is active calls upon The Entity to trigger the following effect:
"This is my world. And you can't ever leave." — Freddy Krueger
For each completed Generator , Fire Up gains +1 Token , up to a maximum of 5 Tokens :
Remember Me does not apply its penalty to the Obsession , allowing them to open both Exit Gates in the default time of 20 seconds .
You can only be obsessed with one Survivor at a time.
"You don't remember? You must. You're my number one, and you'll never wake up again." — Freddy Krueger
Prestiging The Nightmare will automatically add Tier I of his Unique Perks to the inventories of all other Killers and unlock the ability for their higher-tiered versions to spawn in their Bloodweb .
Prestige The Nightmare twice more to automatically add Tier II and Tier III respectively into the other Killers' inventories.
The Clawed Glove is the Primary Weapon of The Nightmare . A homemade device, crafted to torture and kill.
"Death won't accept him and thus he remains, a calamity, indisputable master of his victims' nightmares." SPECIAL ABILITY: DREAM DEMON The Nightmare is cloaked from awake Survivors. While they can hear his Terror Radius , he is not always visible to them:
SPECIAL STATE: MICROSLEEP The mere presence of The Nightmare induces Microsleep in awake Survivors, causing them to passively fall asleep over 60 seconds . Survivors who woke up with an Alarm Clock are protected from Microsleep for 30 seconds . SPECIAL STATE: ASLEEP Survivors who fall asleep automatically enter the Dream World and suffer from the following effects while inside it:
Hitting Survivors with a Basic Attack immediately pulls them into the Dream World , unless they are protected by the temporary Sleep Immunity granted by an Alarm Clock . SPECIAL INTERACTION: WAKING UP Survivors have several ways to wake up and leave the Dream World :
SPECIAL ABILITIES: DREAM TRAPS The Nightmare has access to 2 types of Dream Traps : Dream Snares and Dream Pallets . Press the Secondary Power button to switch between the two. SPECIAL TRAP: DREAM SNARES Press and hold the Power button to charge a Dream Snare over 0.35 seconds . While charged, press the Attack button to launch the Dream Snare forwards:
When a Dream Snare collides with a Survivor, it inflicts either of the following effects, depending on their state:
Dream Snares have a cool-down of 7 seconds . SPECIAL TRAP: DREAM PALLETS The Nightmare can create up to 8 Dream Pallets at a time.
Press the Power button to enter Pallet Focus Mode . While in this mode, press the Attack button to spawn a Dream Pallet at any valid location within 24 metres Press the Attack button while targetting any Dream Pallet within that same range to Rupture it:
When a Dream Pallet ruptures while a Survivor is inside its Area of Effect , it inflicts either of the following effects, depending on their state:
Dream Pallets have a cool-down of 1.5 seconds .
Survivors can drop a Dream Pallet and attempt to stun The Nightmare , if it is not in the process of rupturing. Dropping a Dream Pallet instantly destroys it, causing it to explode in blood. SPECIAL LOCOMOTION: DREAM PROJECTION The Nightmare can teleport to any Generator in the environment at any time, regardless of its state, as well as to within 8 to 12 metres of any Asleep Survivors involved in a Healing action.
Once the Power Gauge is full, press and hold the Secondary Power button for at least 0.5 seconds to perform a Dream Projection . Release it prematurely to cancel the interaction, which incurs the full cool-down:
Upon completion, it inflicts either of the following effects on all Survivors within 8 metres :
Dream Projection has a cool-down of 30 seconds , which is reduced by a stack-able -15 % for each Asleep Survivor , up to a maximum of -60 % .
"You have nothing to worry about. This won't hurt one... little... bit." — Freddy Krueger
Glimpses: Awake Survivors only see glimpses of The Nightmare within a certain range:
There are 2 Achievements related to The Nightmare :
For each completed Generator , Fire Up gains +1 Token , up to a maximum of 5 Tokens :
Remember Me does not apply its penalty to the Obsession , allowing them to open both Exit Gates in the default time of 20 seconds .
You can only be obsessed with one Survivor at a time.
"You don't remember? You must. You're my number one, and you'll never wake up again." — Freddy Krueger
Once per Trial, hooking a Survivor while Blood Warden is active calls upon The Entity to trigger the following effect:
Players can choose from a variety of Cosmetic options to customise The Nightmare :
The Nightmare is part of 1 DLC:
For more go to the Nightmare's Gallery


--- https://deadbydaylight.wiki.gg/wiki/Cannibal ---

Bubba Sawyer or "The Cannibal" , also known as " Leatherface ", is one of 42 Killers currently featured in Dead by Daylight .
He was introduced with CHAPTER 5.5: LEATHERFACE™ , a Half-Chapter DLC released on 14 September 2017.
He originates from the 1974 Horror Movie The Texas Chain Saw Massacre and its 1986 Sequel The Texas Chainsaw Massacre 2 .
The Cannibal is a chainsaw-wielding Killer, able to trigger a deadly frenzy using his Power, immediately downing anyone in its path.
His personal Perks, Knock Out , Barbecue & Chilli , and Franklin's Demise , make Survivors easier to locate while robbing them of their tools and abilities.
Whether killers perform their heinous acts by the compulsions of their diseased minds, or if they are forced into them by external pressures, has long been a matter of debate. But for one killer, nature and nurture are inextricably linked.
Leatherface kills not from a desire to exert his will over others, to satisfy carnal urges, or even to quiet the voices in his head. He kills because he is scared. Scared that others will hurt him; scared that his family will be displeased with him, scared that their shared willingness to eat human flesh will be discovered.
He does as he is told. His family loves him and that is all that matters. Outsiders are a threat, and threats need to be dealt with.
Like those kids that came into the house, uninvited. Walked in like they owned the place. Looked around the house, trying to find out his family’s secrets, no doubt. But Leatherface deals with them, and protects his family just as he’s been taught.
He is not just protector, he has many roles, and each role has its own face. He serves dinner, cares for the family, and dresses well when they eat. His Grandpa and Ma used to care for them all, but Grandpa, he is old now and Ma has been still for a while, so Leatherface and his brothers had to take over. Family is everything to him. Family is security and safety.
But, even though he did his best, one of the kids got away. He tried to stop her, chasing after her as fast as he could, but she had help: another outsider, driving a truck. The evil trucker killed his brother, ran him over like he was a possum. In a fury, Leatherface leapt at him, the saw ready to avenge his family, but the trucker was too quick. He knocked Leatherface aside and turned his own saw against him.
As he watched the outsiders driving away, the rage, grief and pain combined with the worry about what would happen to his family now. They would surely return with the police, and the police would take his brothers, his Grandpa. Without them, what would he do? Without their commands, he would wither and die.
As his world collapsed, Leatherface spun in circles, swinging the saw all around, trying to fight off the myriad external threats that surrounded him.
Then another feeling overtook him. It came from outside his vision, crawling over his skin with cold dread. He realised that no matter what outsiders could do to him, there was something worse, something bigger that lived in the shadows. He was filled with a terror unlike any he had ever felt before. But it was almost comforting, like the fear he'd felt with his family. The fear of disappointing them.
He was brought to a place that was familiar but unknowable, and he instinctively knew what he had to do. He couldn't fail it, the way he had his family. Outsiders would come but he would use his skills to overcome any threats. There would be screaming, but he could make the world quiet again. Until the only sound remaining was the blessed howl of the saw.
The Cannibal comes with 3 Perks that are unique to him:
"I just can't take no pleasure in killing. There's just some things you gotta do. Don't mean you have to like it." — Drayton Sawyer
"Sally, I hear something. Stop! Stop!" — Franklin Hardesty
Whenever a Survivor moves farther than 6 metres from a Pallet within 6 seconds of dropping it, Knock Out triggers its effect:
Prestiging The Cannibal will automatically add Tier I of his Unique Perks to the inventories of all other Killers and unlock the ability for their higher-tiered versions to spawn in their Bloodweb .
Prestige The Cannibal twice more to automatically add Tier II and Tier III respectively into the other Killers' inventories.
The Sledge is the Primary Weapon of The Cannibal . The Sledge might be old-fashioned, but it is still the fastest and cleanest way to put down cattle.
"An incredibly powerful and heavy Chainsaw which sank its teeth into countless victims. A suitable birthday gift for The Cannibal." SPECIAL WEAPON: BUBBA'S CHAINSAW The Cannibal starts the Trial with 3 Tokens . Tokens automatically recharge at a rate of 0.25 c/s while the Chainsaw is not in use. SPECIAL ABILITY: CHAINSAW SWEEP Press and hold the Power button to charge the Chainsaw and break into a Chainsaw Sweep for 2.5 seconds :
Using Bubba's Chainsaw consumes 1 Token . SPECIAL ABILITY: CHAINSAW DASH Press the Power button again during an on-going Chainsaw Sweep to chain a Chainsaw Dash :
SPECIAL STATE: TANTRUM Revving the Chainsaw fills the Tantrum Meter by +33 % per second , with it discharging at the same rate when stopping to rev. Once the meter is full, or after hitting an obstacle during a Chainsaw Sweep , The Cannibal unleashes a Tantrum for a minimum of 3 seconds , wildly slashing out and damaging any Survivors in close proximity, dealing double damage:
"I got some good barbecue here!" — Drayton Sawyer
"The secret's in the meat" — Drayton Sawyer
Starting a Chainsaw Dash automatically consumes all available Power Tokens, combining their durations:
"There are moments when we cannot believe that what is happening is really true. Pinch yourself and you may find out that it is." — Pam Jones
There are 2 Achievements related to The Cannibal :
Whenever a Survivor moves farther than 6 metres from a Pallet within 6 seconds of dropping it, Knock Out triggers its effect:
"I just can't take no pleasure in killing. There's just some things you gotta do. Don't mean you have to like it." — Drayton Sawyer
Players can choose from a variety of Cosmetic options to customise The Cannibal :
Leatherface's homemaker persona, serene and harmonious until everything goes wrong.
Leatherface put on a pretty face to dress up for a delicious diner.
BUBBA'S CHAINSAW: Press and hold the Power button to charge the Chainsaw:
Up to his rework in Patch 4.1.0 , The Cannibal shared most of his Add-ons with The Hillbilly , with few exceptions:
Prior to Patch 5.5.0 , The Cannibal was able to acquire Masks of each of the original four Survivors. They have since been removed and are no longer obtainable or usable by any Player. This change was motivated by issues with racism in post-game chats in conjunction with Claudette's Mask [ 1 ] .
All Players who had played at least one game with The Cannibal at any point since his original release, were recompensed for the removal of the Masks with 6,000 Iridescent Shards .
For more go to the Cannibal's Gallery


--- https://deadbydaylight.wiki.gg/wiki/Huntress ---

Anna (Russian: Анна) or "The Huntress" is one of 42 Killers currently featured in Dead by Daylight .
She was introduced as the Killer of CHAPTER 5: A Lullaby for the Dark , a free Chapter DLC released on 27 July 2017.
The Huntress is a ranged Killer, able to throw Hunting Hatchets at Survivors to injure them from a distance.
Her personal Perks, Beast of Prey , Territorial Imperative , and Hex: Huntress Lullaby , allow her to apply pressure through better Map awareness and enhanced chasing abilities.
Her Perks revolve around the hunt of the prey, to track and find so that she can get close enough to make the kill.
As soon as Anna was able to walk, her mother started teaching her how to survive a harsh, solitary life in the northern woods. Living in such an extremely remote and dangerous area required skill and resilience. When sunlight became too dim for productive activities, they would take refuge in their house, a sturdy old cabin constructed to resist the toughest winters. Close to the hearth’s warmth, Anna would rest in her mother's arms, surrounded by the few wooden toys and masks she had crafted for her. Drifting off to sleep with stories and lullabies, she dreamt happy dreams, ignorant of the events that would soon change everything.
Anna and her mother were stalking a great elk through the woods. They knew it was dangerous prey, but it had been a particularly difficult winter and they were almost out of food. The spectre of starvation frightened them more than any forest creature. Without warning, the elk reared, bellowed and charged at Anna. She was paralysed with fear as the whole world seemed to shake under the immense beast’s pounding hooves. The elk was close enough for Anna to see the murderous fury in its eyes when her mother threw herself in its path, axe in hand. A blood-curdling scream escaped from her lips as the elk impaled her upon its antlers and hoisted her into the air. With all her strength, she brought her axe down on its head again and again while it tried to shake her loose. With a sickening crack, the antlers snapped and Anna’s mother was free. The beast collapsed.
Anna was too small to move her mother’s broken body, so she sat with her in the clearing where she had fallen. To distract her from the dying elk’s cries, Anna’s mother held her and hummed her favourite lullaby. They stayed like that, the huntress and the elk getting quieter and colder, until Anna was alone in the silent forest. Eventually she stood up and started the long walk back home.
Still a child, she knew just enough about life in the frozen forest to survive. She followed her instincts and became one with the wild. She got older and stronger and practised her hunt. As she grew into a dangerous predator, her humanity became a half-remembered dream.
She widened her territory and lived off her hunts. She worked her way up through squirrels, hares, mink and foxes. Eventually she grew tired of them and hunted more dangerous animals like wolves and bears. When unsuspecting travellers came through her woods, she discovered her new favourite prey: humans. Unlucky souls who strayed into her territory were slaughtered like any other animal. She liked to collect their tools and colourful garments and especially toys when there were little ones. But she could never bring herself to kill the little girls.
Girls she would take back to her house, deep in the woods. They were precious, and looking at them woke up something deep in her heart. She craved the closeness of a loved one, a child of her own. Among the pillaged wooden toys, dolls and story books she couldn't read, the girls would be tied by the neck with a rough and chafing rope fastened firmly to the wall. She couldn't let them wander off, or they would surely die outside.
Every time, the girls would waste away and die of cold or starvation or sickness. Every time, it plunged Anna deeper into pain and sorrow and madness. She was compelled to try again, and started raiding the nearest villages to slaughter families and kidnap their daughters. She wore one of the animal masks her mother crafted for her so many years earlier to try to calm the frightened children. Villagers spread the legend of a half-beast lurking in Red Forest : The Huntress, who killed men and ate little girls.
War eventually came to the forest. German soldiers began to pass through, on the march to attack the collapsing Russian Empire.  During these dark times, there were no more travellers. The villagers had abandoned their homes, and no more little ones to be found; only soldiers. Many of them were found with violent axe wounds. Whole groups disappeared mysteriously. Once the war was over, the rumours of The Huntress disappeared with it, engulfed by the Red Forest.
The table below lists additional Lore about The Huntress from The Archives , either from Tomes that featured her or from individual Lore entries that mentioned her:
The Huntress comes with 3 Perks that are unique to her:
Whenever you trigger the Bloodlust Status Effect , Beast of Prey activates for 30 / 35 / 40 seconds :
Survivors performing Healing or Repairing actions suffer from the following effect:
"That song, it drives me crazy!"
Territorial Imperative has a cool-down of 45 seconds .
Prestiging The Huntress will automatically add Tier I of her Unique Perks to the inventories of all other Killers and unlock the ability for their higher-tiered versions to spawn in their Bloodweb .
Prestige The Huntress twice more to automatically add Tier II and Tier III respectively into the other Killers' inventories.
The Broad Axe is the Primary Weapon of The Huntress . A traditional Axe with a large and heavy head, suitable for squaring logs and planks.
"A skill taught by her mother and mastered in the wild. The Huntress can throw hatchets with deadly precision." SPECIAL WEAPON: HUNTING HATCHETS The Huntress starts the Trial with 7 Hunting Hatchets equipped.
Press and hold the Power button to wind up and charge a Hunting Hatchet . Release the Power button to throw the Hunting Hatchet or press the Attack button to cancel the throw:
Hunting Hatchets can be replenished at Lockers . The Auras of Hunting Hatchets inside Lockers are automatically revealed to The Huntress within 36 metres , when she is out of them.
"The iridescent glass cuts through flesh and soul."
Used exclusively in 2v8 Trials, the Innate Skill modifies the Hunting Hatchets with the following effects:
There are 3 Achievements related to The Huntress :
Whenever you trigger the Bloodlust Status Effect , Beast of Prey activates for 30 / 35 / 40 seconds :
Territorial Imperative has a cool-down of 45 seconds .
Survivors performing Healing or Repairing actions suffer from the following effect:
"That song, it drives me crazy!"
Players can choose from a variety of Cosmetic options to customise The Huntress :
"Have a Wonderful Winter 2017-2018!" - The Dead by Daylight Team
"Happy Lunar New Year 2018!" -The Dead by Daylight Team
"Thank you for supporting & inspiring us along the years!" - The Dead by Daylight Team
A traditional outfit she found on an old corpse from the Lost Realms.
A distorted outfit she found on an old corpse from the Lost Realms.
She charged through a flamethrower’s fiery stream to strike her mark, but the battle was paid at a horrible cost.
Night fell, and she watched from the trees as the soldiers hunted for birds.
A terrifying assembly of German and Soviet military accessories, pilfered from the bodies of dead soldiers.
The time for hibernating is over. Emerge from your slumber and pursue your prey. Tonight, you shall feast on your enemies!
The remaining soldiers wheeled her through the forest. Those who survived were relieved to finally capture their worst nightmare.
The remaining soldiers wheeled her through the forest, thankful that their greatest fear was finally captured.
As the nights grow longer, the woods turn quieter. Winter is near and so is the long slumber.
As the nights grow longer, the woods turn quieter. Winter is near and so is the long slumber.
Never fear these little rodents. There is nothing to be afraid of. It is time to play some cat and mouse!
A traditional outfit she found on an old corpse from the Lost Realms.
She charged through a flamethrower’s fiery stream to strike her mark, but the battle was paid at a horrible cost.
She looked up at the tempestuous skies just as a cold grip overtook her.
Anna studied at the lifeless warhorse in the clearing. Its body was eviscerated, flesh stripped from its face.
Hear the blood-curdling shrieks calling, haunting the forest with a shrill song of mercilessness.
The time for hibernating is over. Emerge from your slumber and pursue your prey. Tonight, you shall feast on your enemies!
She stood before her foes, taking in their abject fear as they beheld her.
A terrifying assembly of German and Soviet military accessories, pilfered from the bodies of dead soldiers.
This feral specimen was the first experiment of its kind.
Notes from the Absurd (NFA). The realm is filled with giant cards and massive red hearts. The perfect place for the Red Queen to play croquet with putrid heads. The only thing missing now is a rabbit. Or was the version of the story with a skunk better? The Not-So Mad Designer.
The huntress honored her ancestors during the solstice with a feast that lasted three nights.
When she was still a child, she heard a story about a little girl living by a giant lake filled with salty water called the sea.
In the endless frozen wastes, some members of native tribes still survive, however they can.
The Huntress honors and embodies the defiant spirit of the wild boar.
The soldier found the corpse slumped on the ground. It was imposing, in a beastly way.
As a cruel executioner, her voice deepened and haunted the nightmares of children.
The remaining soldiers wheeled her through the forest. Those who survived were relieved to finally capture their worst nightmare.
Mordeo hunted the unworthy who trespassed into her sacred patch of the forest.
The injured traveler found refuge in a small village. Warming himself by the fire of a modest tavern, he told the locals about his encounter with a beast lurking in the nearby woods.
The Huntress has 4 alternate Character models available in the in-game Store:
The Huntress is part of 2 DLCs:
For more go to the Huntress' Gallery


--- https://deadbydaylight.wiki.gg/wiki/Doctor ---

Herman Carter or "The Doctor" is one of 42 Killers currently featured in Dead by Daylight .
He was introduced as the Killer of CHAPTER 4: Spark of Madness , a Chapter DLC released on 11 May 2017 and retired on 8 January 2024.
He is still available in the In-Game Store and as part of the Maddening Darkness Pack Chapter Pack DLC.
The Doctor is a madness-inducing Killer, able to use his Power - Carter's Spark , incapacitating Survivors and causing them to hallucinate and scream in terror, revealing their position.
His personal Perks, Overwhelming Presence , Monitor & Abuse , and Overcharge , encourage chases, impact Survivors' ability to repair effectively and make him harder to detect when not in a Chase.
His Perks are about hindering and creating problems for the Survivors. The sheer stature of The Doctor infuses fear and terror in those around him.
From an early age, Herman Carter understood the human psyche. To analyse and de-construct something as powerful as the brain intrigued him. He was an apt pupil and gained the attention of his teachers. He excelled in high-school and was published in "Partisan" — a psychology gazette. Within a year, Carter was fast-tracked into Yale's advanced neuroscience programme, really a front for the CIA. Brainpower is a must if you're about to conquer the world and demolish foes across the pond. The CIA understood this, so interrogation and intelligence became their number one priority. All they needed were brilliant people — like Carter.
Carter and other top-tier recruits were transferred off-campus and into a secret black site facility in Illinois known as Léry's Memorial Institute . A protégé craves a mentor, and that's where Dr Otto Stamper stepped in, who taught Carter that information is everything and knowledge is power. He was given all instruments needed, a guiding hand, and more or less everything he asked for. He never realised that sunlight had started to become so scarce, that he too was kept in the dark. Because knowledge doesn't only give you power, it also transforms you into a threat.
To extract information was his mission. Dr Stamper encouraged Carter to go further and not to consider this a normal medical facility — no eyes were watching them, there were no rules to abide. The agency just pointed Carter in the right direction, then he started to take a few steps back as he saw how Carter could walk on his own. Docile test subjects were exchanged for real, live spies. People that played a role in the troubles outside the facility. Carter shouldered this new role — Project Awakening took form, and on paper Carter described it as "experimental interrogation". It was approved and over a few months, nobody knocked on his door. Screams and moans filled the corridor outside his lab, but wars skew people and what they accept — as long as the enemy is kept at bay. The fluorescent lights flickered more and more often. Electro-convulsive Treatment became a standard dish on the menu. Prisoners held at the facility begged the guards to take them to any other lab but Carter's. Rumours were disregarded in the beginning.
Over the years, Carter became known as The Doctor and no one ever questioned if he had even held a medical certificate or even what happened to the prisoners after they had given up their information. It was only after the Léry's Memorial Institute went silent for a week that they finally uncovered the true horror of what had happened there.
Carter's experimental information extraction had turned to horrific and bizarre torture. Patients and prisoners were found dead or in vegetative states with all types of head trauma. In his office, they found the most terrible discovery of all. Dr Stamper himself, his head peeled open and an array of electrodes and sensors inserted into his still working, but annihilated brain. There was no sign of Herman "The Doctor" Carter, but his research papers suggested that he had been using the prisoners as part of awful ECT experiments as he searched for the panacea of mind control.
The government didn't want to know. The black site was condemned and all knowledge of the Léry's Memorial Institute redacted forever.
Showing exceptional aptitude in psychology, Herman was handpicked for special training in an advanced neuroscience program located in a secret black site facility in Illinois known as Léry's Memorial Institute, really a front for the CIA.
This is where Herman met Dr Otto Stamper, where, under his guidance, Herman began to use strange and ever increasingly vicious methods to extract information from prisoners sent to the institute, which was also a covert prison and re-education centre for whoever was the USA's current nemesis. His liberal use of violent electroshock therapy revealed dramatic results and several threats to national security were uncovered.
Over the years, Herman became known as The Doctor and no one ever questioned if he had even held a medical certificate or even what happened to the prisoners after they had given up their information. It was only after Léry's Memorial Institute went silent for a week that the true horror was finally discovered. The personnel, patients, and prisoners were all found dead with all types of head trauma. All personnel and prisoners' bodies were accounted for, including Dr Stamper, but no sign of Herman “The Doctor” Carter.
The table below lists additional Lore about The Doctor from The Archives , either from Tomes that featured him or from individual Lore entries that mentioned him:
The Doctor comes with 3 Perks that are unique to him:
While actively chasing a Survivor, Monitor & Abuse applies its primary effect:
"It's time for your treatment!" — Herman Carter, The Doctor
Performing the Damage Generator action on a Generator applies Overcharge :
Whenever a Survivor starts using an Item within 32 metres of your location, Overwhelming Presence triggers its primary effect:
Prestiging The Doctor will automatically add Tier I of his Unique Perks to the inventories of all other Killers and unlock the ability for their higher-tiered versions to spawn in their Bloodweb .
Prestige The Doctor twice more to automatically add Tier II and Tier III respectively into the other Killers' inventories.
The Stick is the Primary Weapon of The Doctor . An instrument of punishment when all other treatments failed.
"Is it a gift, or a curse? The Entity has ignited a corrupted and inexhaustible spark in The Doctor's heart which allows him to generate electroconvulsive power at will. His insidious treatment corrupts the minds of those it touches. Victims shocked by the corrupt spark begin to lose their grip on reality and, with repeated exposure, inevitably succumb to madness." SPECIAL ABILITY: CARTER'S SPARK Striking Survivors with his electro-convulsive abilities, The Doctor causes them to suffer from the tiered Madness Status Effect . SPECIAL AFFLICTION: MADNESS Madness causes increasingly potent afflictions in the affected Survivors, depending on its current tier.
Once Madness is obtained, Survivors are unable to lose it and may only reset it to Tier I by performing the Snap Out of It interaction. Madness I has the following permanent effects until a tier-up:
Madness II has the following permanent effects until a tier-up:
Madness III has the following permanent effects until Survivors Snap Out of It :
SPECIAL INTERACTION: SNAP OUT OF IT Survivors having reached Madness III can perform the Snap Out of It interaction for 12 seconds :
SPECIAL ABILITY: SHOCK THERAPY Press and hold the Power button to perform a Shock Therapy Attack , unleashing a cone-shaped ranged shock attack on the ground in front of The Doctor :
Survivors struck with a Shock Therapy Attack suffer from the following effects:
Survivors suffering from the Oblivious Status Effect when struck by Shock Therapy have it removed immediately. SPECIAL ABILITY: STATIC BLAST Press and hold the Secondary Power button , once the Power Gauge is full, to perform a Static Blast Attack , unleashing a ranged shock attack that propagates outwards from The Doctor :
Survivors struck with a Static Blast Attack suffer from the following effects:
Survivors can prevent being struck by Static Blast by hiding inside a Locker . Survivors suffering from the Oblivious Status Effect when struck by Static Blast have it removed immediately.
Static Blast has a variable cool-down:
Survivors affected by Madness suffer from the Affliction of Calm :
Survivors affected by Madness suffer from the Affliction of Order :
You share into your patients' Madness and can see the Illusionary Pallets .
Survivors affected by Madness suffer from the Affliction of Calm :
Survivors affected by Madness suffer from the Affliction of Discipline :
You share into your patients' Madness and can see the Illusionary Red Stain .
"We re-educate our patients with the greatest care." — Léry's Memorial Institute
Survivors affected by Madness suffer from the Affliction of Order :
You share into your patients' Madness and can see the Illusionary Pallets .
"Side effects are very rare." — Léry's Memorial Institute
Survivors affected by Madness suffer from the Affliction of Restraint :
You share into your patients' Madness and can see the Illusionary Doctors .
Survivors affected by Madness suffer from the Affliction of Discipline :
You share into your patients' Madness and can see the Illusionary Red Stain .
"Respect of our patients is at the core of our principles." — Léry's Memorial Institute
Survivors affected by Madness suffer from the Affliction of Restraint :
You share into your patients' Madness and can see the Illusionary Doctors .
Survivors affected by Madness suffer from the Affliction of Calm :
"Higher quality seizures trigger catatonia. At least it gives me peace for the time it lasts." — Herman Carter
Survivors affected by Madness suffer from the Affliction of Discipline :
You share into your patients' Madness and can see the Illusionary Red Stain .
"To avoid relapse from our most tenacious subjects, use maximum levels when proceeding with disciplinary actions." — Herman Carter
Survivors affected by Madness suffer from the Affliction of Order :
You share into your patients' Madness and can see the Illusionary Pallets .
"The stimulus must be kept active at a convulsive level." — Herman Carter
Survivors affected by Madness suffer from the Affliction of Restraint :
You share into your patients' Madness and can see the Illusionary Doctors .
"I CAN SEE THEIR DISGUSTING ILLNESSES ." — unsighned Notes, likely Herman Carter
Survivors affected by Madness suffer simultaneously from the Afflictions of Calm, Discipline, Order, and Restraint :
"Gazing into the iridescent glass is plunging one's self into madness." — Herman Carter
Survivors struck by either the Shock Therapy Attack or a Static Blast acquire a lingering Static Charge , unless they are within 4 metres of another Survivor:
There are 3 Achievements related to The Doctor :
Whenever a Survivor starts using an Item within 32 metres of your location, Overwhelming Presence triggers its primary effect:
While actively chasing a Survivor, Monitor & Abuse applies its primary effect:
"It's time for your treatment!" — Herman Carter, The Doctor
Performing the Damage Generator action on a Generator applies Overcharge :
Players can choose from a variety of Cosmetic options to customise The Doctor :
"Have a Wonderful Winter 2017-2018!" - The Dead by Daylight Team
"Thank you for supporting & inspiring us along the years!" - The Dead by Daylight Team
The thought of having a hundred potential victims confined to a tin can in the ocean was only a dream. But The Entity has a way of providing...
His techniques were brutal, yet thoughtful and deliberate. This was a man who was going places.
He was all alone in the classroom, admiring his finished device, when the teacher came over.
A sadistic villain from a nightmarish realm.
A cruel tormentor from a nightmarish realm.
An outfit for the man who wants your heart. Literally.
The apparatus was complete. He could now administer pain like never before.
The apparatus was perfect. He took pleasure in watching his victims endure unfathomable pain.
The brain is the new frontier to conquer. In your able hands, this uncharted territory becomes a force to be reckoned with.
The brain is the new frontier to conquer. In your able hands, this uncharted territory becomes a force to be reckoned with.
The brain is the new frontier to conquer. In your able hands, this uncharted territory becomes a force to be reckoned with.
The brain is the new frontier to conquer. In your able hands, this uncharted territory becomes a force to be reckoned with.
The brain is the new frontier to conquer. In your able hands, this uncharted territory becomes a force to be reckoned with.
The brain is the new frontier to conquer. In your able hands, this uncharted territory becomes a force to be reckoned with.
Inspire front line trauma in your patients.
Inspire front line trauma in your patients.
His techniques were brutal, yet thoughtful and deliberate. This was a man who was going places.
It's not personal. It's strictly business.
Why don't you take a seat over there and explain exactly what the problem is? Oh, don't mind that… it is simply a therapy tool to help reach a desirable resolution.
Why don't you take a seat over there and explain exactly what the problem is? Oh, don't mind that… it is simply a therapy tool to help reach a desirable resolution.
Sometimes, one must experience the treatment in order to be able to administer it effectively. Now that is over, it's time to start the session…
Infections can be figurative as well as literal. Free will is an infection and The Doctor has just the cure.
He conducted the first wave of experiments. His aim was to transmit information from his brain to his test subject despite the pain it would inflict.
Prey on the flooded slums reeking of sewage and rot to conduct your experiments.
There's so much to learn from live human bodies, including your own.
He dressed up for his torture session during the Fire Moon Festival.
A horrifying combination of body parts stitched together, electrified, and brought to life.
His experiments in pain extended even to himself at times, with one particularly grim foray into insect breeding.
A relentless specimen with acute aggressive responses to experimentation. Physical restraints were used on both ankles.
A sadistic villain from a nightmarish realm.
His early experiments with blood electrification gave him the false belief he was more spry, alert, and prone to outburst.
He delighted at the instrument on his workbench. He always sought to improve his methods for extracting information.
An outfit for the man who wants your heart. Literally.
The apparatus was complete. He could now administer pain like never before.
A merciless ruler, who wielded ultimate power over his victims.
He tore apart those haunted by grief and remorse.
The Doctor has 2 alternate Character models available in the in-game Store:
For more, go to Doctor's Gallery


--- https://deadbydaylight.wiki.gg/wiki/Hag ---

Lisa Sherwood or "The Hag" is one of 42 Killers currently featured in Dead by Daylight .
She was introduced as the Killer of CHAPTER 3: Of Flesh and Mud , a Chapter DLC released on 8 December 2016 and retired on 8 January 2024.
She is still available in the In-Game Store and as part of the Maddening Darkness Pack Chapter Pack DLC.
The Hag is a cursed Killer, able to place Phantasm Traps and then teleport to them upon activation, using her Power.
Her personal Perks, Hex: The Third Seal , Hex: Ruin , and Hex: Devour Hope , apply crippling penalties to Survivors as long as the associated Totem remains uncleansed.
Her Perks revolve around Hex Totems . They are focused on cursing the Survivors and sapping their abilities. The curse lasts until the Survivors manage to track the Hex Totem down and cleanse it.
Lisa Sherwood grew up in a quiet village, mainly isolated from the rest of civilisation. The people of the hamlet were kind and the elders kept old traditions alive, often keeping the peace by personally settling the ever-rare disputes. Lisa was particularly fond of the charms they taught her to draw for safety and good fortune. One night, as she was walking home through the woods, a terrible storm struck without warning. Howling winds whipped at her hair as she stumbled through the swamp, her rain-drenched dress plastered to her skin. In the slick, wet mud she lost her footing, careening backwards and striking her head against rock. Slipping in and out of consciousness, she strained to identify the dark shapes approaching her from between the trees. That's the last thing she could remember.
Her kidnappers kept her chained to the wall in a flooded cellar. Though dimly lit, she could see others whose large open wounds swarmed with flies. It took merely a day before they returned, carving chunks from the prisoners' bodies with rusted blades, consuming their very flesh down to the bone. Most she saw did not survive long once the cannibals targeted them but somehow, deep within, Lisa persisted. Starved, infected, and mutilated after several weeks of torture, her gaunt arms became loose in their shackles. She pulled hard, the metal tearing through skin and muscle until she was free. Her flesh oozed viscous yellow pus and bones were visible beneath gangrenous wounds. She could go no further. Delirious, she thought of home; she thought of the elders. With her dying breath, she etched the symbols they had taught her into the floor using what remained of her fingers. Almost in response, a dark hunger stirred inside her. It yearned for blood. In oath, she chose vengeance.
The village's search party eventually brought them to an old shack in a swamp. Inside, its previous inhabitants had been viciously dismembered and devoured by an unidentifiable animal. In the cellar, amid rotting corpses and disconnected flesh, the elders’ charms were scrawled in blood on the floor. Lisa’s body was not among the bodies and was never found. The village was never the same again.
The table below lists additional Lore about The Hag from The Archives , either from Tomes that featured her or from individual Lore entries that mentioned her:
The Hag comes with 3 Perks that are unique to her:
Hex: Devour Hope lights a Hex Totem at the start of the Trial, cursing Survivors with its Hex Effects . Whenever a Survivor is unhooked at least 24 metres from your location, Hex: Devour Hope gains +1 Token , up to a maximum of 5 Tokens :
"If you do nothing, you have their blood on your hands. If you save them, her hunger grows."
All Generators not currently being repaired experience the following effect:
"A curse is upon you. It will cause your ruin."
The last 2 / 3 / 4 Survivors you hit with a Basic or Special Attack suffer permanently from the Blindness Status Effect . The Hex Effects persist until the Hex Totem is either blessed or cleansed by a Survivor, disabling it for the remainder of the Trial.
"She touched your skin, you bear the witch's mark!"
Prestiging The Hag will automatically add Tier I of her Unique Perks to the inventories of all other Killers and unlock the ability for their higher-tiered versions to spawn in their Bloodweb .
Prestige The Hag twice more to automatically add Tier II and Tier III respectively into the other Killers' inventories.
The Claw is the Primary Weapon of The Hag . A horridly overgrown deformity, clawing its way through flesh and bone.
"The source of The Hag's power: a blackened finger used as a catalyst for her terrible power. She bends and shapes mud to her will. With simple ritualistic drawings, she creates deceitful duplicates of herself, made from mud and decay, which she can use for various effects." SPECIAL ABILITY: BLACKENED CATALYST The Hag starts the Trial with 10 Phantasm Traps in her inventory. Placing additional Phantasm Traps will recycle the oldest one. SPECIAL TRAP: PHANTASM TRAP Press the Power button to bend down and draw a muddy sign into the ground, placing and arming a Phantasm Trap .
Survivors entering the Area of Effect , which is only visible to The Hag , will trip the trap, causing a Mud Phantasm to spawn that has the following effects:
Survivors can prevent tripping the trap by doing either of the following:
Survivors can safely remove a trap by wiping it away for 4 seconds when crouching above it. SPECIAL LOCOMOTION: TELEPORT Press the Secondary Power button to teleport to any currently tripped Phantasm Trap within 48 metres , taking the place of the Mud Phantasm . In case of multiple tripped traps, a specific Mud Phantasm can be chosen by aiming at it before teleporting.
Mud Phantasm: After spawning, Mud Phantasms keep their sight trained on whichever Survivor tripped their Phantasm Trap , continuously rotating their Character model to adjust, causing The Hag to always face that Survivor, should she teleport to a tripped Phantasm Trap .
Light Vulnerability (obsolete):
The bloody layers empower the mud.
Triggering a Phantasm Trap inflicts the following effect on Survivors:
Whenever Survivors trigger Phantasm Traps , you benefit from the following effects for their tripped duration:
Scarred Hand trumps all other Add-ons.
Mint Rag has a cool-down of 10 seconds .
There are 3 Achievements related to The Hag :
The last 2 / 3 / 4 Survivors you hit with a Basic or Special Attack suffer permanently from the Blindness Status Effect . The Hex Effects persist until the Hex Totem is either blessed or cleansed by a Survivor, disabling it for the remainder of the Trial.
"She touched your skin, you bear the witch's mark!"
All Generators not currently being repaired experience the following effect:
"A curse is upon you. It will cause your ruin."
Hex: Devour Hope lights a Hex Totem at the start of the Trial, cursing Survivors with its Hex Effects . Whenever a Survivor is unhooked at least 24 metres from your location, Hex: Devour Hope gains +1 Token , up to a maximum of 5 Tokens :
"If you do nothing, you have their blood on your hands. If you save them, her hunger grows."
Players can choose from a variety of Cosmetic options to customise The Hag :
"Have a Wonderful Winter 2017-2018!" - The Dead by Daylight Team
"Thank you for supporting & inspiring us along the years!" - The Dead by Daylight Team
The rituals brought her closer to nature until, one day, she became one with it.
Her grandmother warned her not to trifle with such power...
She was still a child when she was awakened that night by angry voices and the sound of a door slamming.
She was still a child when she was awakened that night by angry voices and the sound of a door slamming.
She was still a child when she was awakened that night by angry voices and the sound of a door slamming.
The transformation into full plant creature is almost complete. Just a few more souls to produce the light and energy required…
Baubles and finery were hard to come by in her quaint little village.
As a young girl, she thought she saw something lying in wait as she passed by the swamp.
She relished in the darkness of the swamp, growing stronger as days turned into an endless night.
She was still a child when she was awakened that night by angry voices and the sound of a door slamming.
A misshapen, discolored swamp creature, with a deadly claw for a hand.
A misshapen, discolored swamp creature, with a deadly claw for a hand.
A misshapen, discolored swamp creature, with a deadly claw for a hand.
A misshapen, discolored swamp creature, with a deadly claw for a hand.
A misshapen, discolored swamp creature, with a deadly claw for a hand.
A misshapen, discolored swamp creature, with a deadly claw for a hand.
The rituals brought her closer to nature until, one day, she became one with it.
As days go by, she becomes the wilderness.
As days go by, she becomes the wilderness.
As old as the forest itself. A fossil. A preserved shell. The petrification process has begun. Only the blood of the living can reverse it.
Her grandmother warned her not to trifle with such power...
She emerged from the foul dark marshes, stinking of algae and rot… something from a lost realm had changed her.
She was still a child when she was awakened that night by angry voices and the sound of a door slamming.
The veined Medusa has relished in the darkness of the swamp, growing stronger and stronger, day by day.
She escaped when a charm of strength buried within her was ignited by the serum.
The transformation into full plant creature is almost complete. Just a few more souls to produce the light and energy required…
The transformation into full plant creature is almost complete. Just a few more souls to produce the light and energy required…
Reeking of blood and rotting serpent meat, there’s the husk of a woman somewhere beneath it.
Her little cellar was home to many dangerous creatures. She imagined joining them, learning their ways.
One of the many possible lives denied to Lisa Sherwood by her captors.
The wind blew and whispered, a warm breath that stirred an ancient power within her.
Her body lay in a foul swamp for what felt like ages, straddling the blurry line between dream and reality.
Her body was exposed to foreign organisms in a deadly realm.
She relished in the darkness of the swamp, growing stronger as days turned into an endless night.
Her grandmother used to teach her survival lessons during long walks in the woods.
The Hag has 1 alternate Character model available in the in-game Store:
Up to Patch 6.7.0 , The Hag's Phantasm Traps were vulnerable to bright lights:
For more go to the Hag's Gallery


--- https://deadbydaylight.wiki.gg/wiki/Shape ---

(Pursuer Mode & Evil Incarnate)
Michael Myers or "The Shape" is one of 42 Killers featured in Dead by Daylight .
He was introduced as the Killer of CHAPTER 2: The HALLOWEEN® Chapter , a Chapter DLC originally released on 25th of October 2016 which was retired on 19th of January 2026.
He remains a fully playable and supported Character in Dead by Daylight for all Players who purchased him before his Chapter left the Game.
He originates from the 1978 Horror Movie franchise with the same name, Halloween .
The Shape is a haunting Killer who stalks Survivors to feed his power.
His personal Perks, Save the Best for Last , Play with Your Food , and Dying Light , select one Survivor to become his Obsession and will trigger deadly effects based on their status.
Some humans are simply bad seeds. Seeds infused with a distilled and pure form of evil.
Michael Myers is one of those seeds. He had no issues with causing the pain of others. Instead, it was exactly what he sought. But even life can be tough on those with minds filled with terror. The difference is just how one goes about to solve those problems. For Michael, he had to kill to find some inner peace. As he took his sister’s life, the police found a silent boy dressed as a clown at the scene.
When one stumbles upon a growing fire, one does not pour gasoline on it. But this was an action taken by officials that had no idea how it would shape this demon in the boy's body. Sending Michael to a mental institution was a feeble attempt to save the child. Unsuccessful therapy and nightly screams just made him even more introverted and deranged.
People hoped that Michael Myers would end up a parenthesis, soon to be forgotten and buried, a failure that soon were to rot away. But then...he escaped.
The Shape originally came with 3 Perks that were unique to him:
"This isn't a man..." — Dr Sam Loomis
"You've fooled them, haven't you Michael? But not me." — Dr Sam Loomis
"Death has come to your little town, Sheriff." — Dr Sam Loomis
For Players owning The Shape prior to his Chapter's retraction from Dead by Daylight and Patch 9.4.0 , the above Perks remain Unique Perks , including the Prestige requirement to unlock them for other Killers. They also retain their original names, icons, and flavour texts.
Prestiging The Shape will automatically add Tier I of his Unique Perks to the inventories of all other Killers and unlock the ability for their higher-tiered versions to spawn in their Bloodweb .
Prestige The Shape twice more to automatically add Tier II and Tier III respectively into the other Killers' inventories.
For all other Players, the above Perks are considered General Perks as of Patch 9.4.0 , all featuring a different name and sometimes a different icon.
They are automatically available to all Killers and can be found randomly in their Bloodweb .
The Kitchen Knife is the Primary Weapon of The Shape . An oversized blade with devastatingly sharp edges.
"The darkness inside feeds his determination to take the life of his prey." SPECIAL ABILITY: EVIL WITHIN The Shape can switch between 3 Modes of Evil Within . Each Mode has unique abilities and strengths.
SPECIAL MODE: STALKER MODE The default Mode of Evil Within .
If the Stalk Meter is not full, press the Secondary Power button to switch to Pursuer Mode . Stalker Mode is unavailable while the Stalk Meter is full. SPECIAL MODE: PURSUER MODE This Mode provides The Shape with the following effects:
If the Stalk Meter is not full, press the Secondary Power button to switch to Stalker Mode . If the Stalk Meter is full, press it to enter Evil Incarnate Mode instead. SPECIAL MODE: EVIL INCARNATE Once activated, this Mode is active for 60 seconds :
SPECIAL ABILITY: STALKING While in Stalker Mode , press and hold the Power button to access the Stalking ability:
If the Power Gauge is not full, it will automatically begin depleting after 20 seconds of not Stalking , down to a limit of 50 % . SPECIAL ABILITY: SLAUGHTERING STRIKE While in Evil Incarnate Mode , press and hold the Power button to charge the Slaughtering Strike attack. While charging, press the Attack button at any point to initiate the attack:
Slaughtering Strike lasts for up to 1.5 seconds , depending on how long it was charged for, and has a cool-down of 4 seconds . SPECIAL INTERACTION: KILL While in Evil Incarnate Mode , tap the Attack button in close proximity to standing or downed Survivors that have accrued 2 Hook Stages to execute them, performing a Memento Mori .
While in Stalker Mode , you benefit from the following effect:
Modifies the Stalk ability with the following effect:
Modifies Stalker Mode with the following effect:
Modifies Evil Within with the following effect:
Adjusts the Terror Radius , depending on the current Mode of Evil Within :
During Evil Incarnate , the following effects apply:
Modifies Slaughtering Strike with the following effects:
When Evil Incarnate activates, Hair Brush triggers its effect:
When Stalking stationary Survivors, you benefit from the following effect:
Modifies Evil Incarnate with the following effects:
While in Evil Incarnate , the following effect applies:
Modifies the Stalk ability with the following effect:
While Stalking the Obsession , you benefit from the following effect:
Modifies Slaughtering Strike with the following effects:
Unlocks the following ability while in Evil Incarnate :
Modifies Slaughtering Strike with the following effects:
Activating Evil Incarnate triggers the following effect:
Modifies Evil Incarnate with the following effect:
Modifies Evil Incarnate with the following effects:
Unlocks potential in your Aura-reading ability while Stalking :
There were 3 Achievements related to The Shape :
"Death has come to your little town, Sheriff." — Dr Sam Loomis
"You've fooled them, haven't you Michael? But not me." — Dr Sam Loomis
"This isn't a man..." — Dr Sam Loomis
Playing as The Shape , kill all Survivors by your own hands with Evil Within III in a single Trial.
Playing as The Shape , tier up Evil Within a total of 300 times / 100 times ( For consoles ) by stalking Survivors.
Players could choose from a variety of Cosmetic options to customise The Shape :
Death has come to your little town.
For more go to the Shape's Gallery


--- https://deadbydaylight.wiki.gg/wiki/Nurse ---

Sally Smithson or "The Nurse" is one of 42 Killers currently featured in Dead by Daylight .
She was introduced as the Killer of CHAPTER 1: The Last Breath Chapter , a Chapter DLC released on 18 August 2016.
The Nurse is a warping Killer, able to blink through obstacles and quickly close gaps with her Power.
Her personal Perks, Stridor , Thanatophobia , and A Nurse's Calling , allow her to decrease Survivor abilities and track them when they are injured.
She is focused on spotting and tracking, making it harder for Survivors to hide.
Sally Smithson came to town with dreams of children's feet and laughter in a wooden home built by her husband Andrew. But life came not with smiles but with plans of destruction. Andrew worked as a lumberjack - a job with its perils. One day, Andrew's foreman had to pay Sally a visit, forever changing her life. She was alone.
Without food on the table and no other option, Sally had to find a way, but the only employment she could get was at the Crotus Prenn Asylum. Nobody sought employment there unless they were in dire need. Just like Sally. Without any education, she started at the bottom, doing the hard night shift.
Over the years, her mind had reached its limits, two decades of seeing horrid things that violate the eyes. Memories that are re-played every night. Being abused verbally and physically, by people without limits. Sally saw insanity from the outside, just to catch it herself.
Finally she could not take it any more and concepts of purification emerged inside her. She did what she felt was necessary. As the morning staff arrived one day in September - they found over fifty dead patients, lifeless, in their bed along four staff members, also dead.
Only Sally had survived the night, but her mind was gone, rocking back and forth non-stop. Exactly what happened is only known by her, but it seems that some of them had been choked as they had marks around their necks. They got her into an ambulance, but that ambulance never reached the hospital. It was found crashed in a nearby wood, all the staff dead and Sally nowhere to be found.
The table below lists additional Lore about The Nurse from The Archives , either from Tomes that featured her or from individual Lore entries that mentioned her:
The Nurse comes with 3 Perks that are unique to her:
"Still attached to the fragments of her past life, she is drawn to those in need of help."
"If you do not stop and catch your breath... she will."
Whenever at least one Survivor is either injured, dying, or hooked, Thanatophobia activates. While active, all Survivors suffer from the following primary effect:
Prestiging The Nurse will automatically add Tier I of her Unique Perks to the inventories of all other Killers and unlock the ability for their higher-tiered versions to spawn in their Bloodweb .
Prestige The Nurse twice more to automatically add Tier II and Tier III respectively into the other Killers' inventories.
The Bonesaw is the Primary Weapon of The Nurse . Rusty metal implement for tearing through flesh and bone.
"A powerful and violent last breath snatched from Crotus Prenn Asylum Warden Patrick Spencer. Channelling its energy allows The Nurse to pierce and jump through the Spirit World in a blink multiple times in a row. Doing so leaves her in a state of fatigue." SPECIAL ABILITY: SPENCER'S LAST BREATH The Nurse starts the Trial with 2 Tokens . Press and hold the Power button to charge a Blink . Release the Power button to initiate a Blink .
Using Spencer's Last Breath consumes -1 Token per Blink / Chain Blink . SPECIAL LOCOMOTION: BLINK A Blink allows The Nurse to pierce the Realm of the Entity and teleport through obstacles and walls in a straight line:
SPECIAL LOCOMOTION: CHAIN BLINK After the first Blink , if there is at least 1 Token available, the Chain Blink Window automatically opens for 1.5 seconds , during which The Nurse can initate a Chain Blink :
SPECIAL STATE: FATIGUE After either the Chain Blink Window closes or the final Chain Blink elapses, The Nurse enters a state of Fatigue for 2 to 3 seconds , depending on how many Blinks she chained.
Hitting a Survivor with a Special Attack causes the following effects for 60 seconds :
"Bad Man's" Last Breath" has a cool-down of 45 seconds .
Used exclusively in 2v8 Trials, the Innate Skill modifies Spencer's Last Breath with the following effects:
There are 3 Achievements related to The Nurse :
Whenever at least one Survivor is either injured, dying, or hooked, Thanatophobia activates. While active, all Survivors suffer from the following primary effect:
Players can choose from a variety of Cosmetic options to customise The Nurse :
"Have a horribly good Halloween 2017!" - The Dead by Daylight Team
"Have a Wonderful Winter 2017-2018!" - The Dead by Daylight Team
"Thank you for supporting & inspiring us along the years!" - The Dead by Daylight Team
A prim and proper exterior often hides a darkness deep within.
A tearful look back on the past.
The ambulance that was supposed to take her to the hospital never made it.
The patient wandered the asylum grounds, urging the voices to be silent. In the distance, a nurse was picking colorful mushrooms.
The patient wandered the asylum grounds, urging the voices to be silent. In the distance, a nurse was picking colorful mushrooms.
The patient wandered the asylum grounds, urging the voices to be silent. In the distance, a nurse was picking colorful mushrooms.
With foul serum still dripping from her wound, she broke free from her captor.
He woke to the sounds of struggle from the bed next to him. He turned slowly, fearing what he would see.
He woke to the sounds of strangulation from the next bed over. He turned, shivering, dreading what he would see.
If a patient suffers from a broken heart, she can fix them.
The life and love she had was no more, turned to dust and blown away.
The patient wandered the asylum grounds, urging the voices to be silent. In the distance, a nurse was picking colorful mushrooms.
When hope burns to cinders, fear arises from the ashes to blaze everlasting. Woe shall befall those basking in its sickening heat.
When hope burns to cinders, fear arises from the ashes to blaze everlasting. Woe shall befall those basking in its sickening heat.
When hope burns to cinders, fear arises from the ashes to blaze everlasting. Woe shall befall those basking in its sickening heat.
Your first weeks of training while working at the asylum. They say it gets better before it gets worse.
Your first weeks of training while working at the asylum. They say it gets better before it gets worse.
Your first weeks of training while working at the asylum. They say it gets better before it gets worse.
Your first weeks of training while working at the asylum. They say it gets better before it gets worse.
Your first weeks of training while working at the asylum. They say it gets better before it gets worse.
Pieces from her old life, before it took a dark turn.
Pieces from her old life, before it took a dark turn.
Now, I am become Death, the destroyer of worlds.
A tearful look back on the past.
The ambulance that was supposed to take her to the hospital never made it.
Her rage subsided as she was freed from the fog and released into a new realm.
Wrapped up. Disposed of. Left for dead. It's time to break free. It's time for revenge.
A spoonful of sugar helps the mustard gas go down.
A special day. Left at the altar. No one shall rest until a soulmate is found.
Sally watched the woman dressed in black roam through the asylum corridor during visiting hours, as she did every day.
She began her work at a private lunatic asylum created to provide humane care for domestic detainees.
It’s a nice day to start again.
With foul serum still dripping from her wound, she broke free from her captor.
She was one with the embers that smoldered in the furthest reaches of the darkness.
One of her most reclusive patients spent his days drawing a creature that drifted around while draped in a long robe.
Sally lost herself in the pages of her book, tuning out the wild cries of the patients in the background.
She projected a false image of serenity that deluded those around her.
He woke to the sounds of struggle from the bed next to him. He turned slowly, fearing what he would see.
After breaking free from the madhouse, rejoin society to inflict your dark treatment.
If a patient suffers from a broken heart, she can fix them.
The life and love she had was no more, turned to dust and blown away.
After the loss of her husband, she worked twelve-hour shifts at an asylum to pay the bills. In the halls at night, she’d hum a sad tune to numb her pain.
The Nurse has 2 alternate Character models available in the in-game Store:
Up to Patch 6.7.0 , ' The Nurse was affected by a unique mechanic when Survivors would use light-emitting Items against her when or before charging a Blink :
SPECIAL VULNERABILITY: LIGHTBURN Interacting with the Spirit World causes The Nurse to suffer from Lightburn , which leaves her vulnerable to bright lights while using her Power:
For more go to the Nurse's Gallery


--- https://deadbydaylight.wiki.gg/wiki/Hillbilly ---

Max Thompson Jr. or "The Hillbilly" is one of 42 Killers currently featured in Dead by Daylight .
He was introduced as a member of the original Killer Trio that released with the Game on 14 June 2016.
The Hillbilly is a high-mobility Killer, able to cover large distances in a short amount of time and instantly down Survivors using his Chainsaw .
His personal Perks, Enduring , Lightborn , and Tinkerer , allow him to enhance his Power and make him harder to lose during chases.
He is about persistence and resilience. This will make it harder for Survivors to foil him.
The son of wealthy landowners Max Thompson Sr. and Evelyn Thompson , this unnamed boy was an unwanted child born to savage parents. Hideously disfigured, he was shut away from society. So ashamed of their son, they bricked him off into a room and fed him through a hole in the wall. When the boy escaped, he took his revenge savagely and terribly, slaughtering the parents that had tortured him instead of raising him.
After the deed was done, he continued to live his life at the farm, taking out his deranged violence on the animals that were allowed to run free. As he finally broke free from his shackles he ran through the cornfields, chasing and slaughtering whatever he could find. They never found the bodies of Max and Evelyn, but they did find tortured and disembowelled animals all over the farm.
Coldwind Farm was quickly settled and the land split up and sold off. There was never a buyer for the farmhouse. Perhaps it was the sound of the chainsaw you could hear throughout those hot summer nights.
The table below lists additional Lore about The Hillbilly from The Archives , either from Tomes that featured him or from individual Lore entries that mentioned him:
The Hillbilly comes with 3 Perks that are unique to him:
You benefit from the following effect:
"These monsters... they adapt! They emerge with strange new abilities." — Vigo, Vigo's Journal
Tinkerer can only trigger once per Generator per Trial.
"The Hillbilly makes impressive tools out of scraps. Tools aimed at maiming us in creative ways." — Notebook
Prestiging The Hillbilly will automatically add Tier I of his Unique Perks to the inventories of all other Killers and unlock the ability for their higher-tiered versions to spawn in their Bloodweb .
Prestige The Hillbilly twice more to automatically add Tier II and Tier III respectively into the other Killers' inventories.
The Hammer is the Primary Weapon of The Hillbilly . The cattle hammer deals a sharp blow to the skull as the most effective manner of slaughter.
"A hulking and deadly Chainsaw of terrifying strength. Grinds through flesh, bone, and soul. Once revved up, it sends its user into a violent frenzy." SPECIAL WEAPON: CHAINSAW Press and hold the Power button to charge the Chainsaw and break into a Chainsaw Sprint :
SPECIAL LOCOMOTION: CHAINSAW SPRINT During a Chainsaw Sprint , The Hillbilly benefits from the following effects:
SPECIAL STATE: OVERDRIVE Revving the Chainsaw and sprinting with it automatically charges the Overdrive Meter . It decharges whenever the Chainsaw is not in use for a prolonged time.
Once the meter is full, the Chainsaw is enhanced and benefits from the following effects for 20 seconds :
Used exclusively in 2v8 Trials, the Innate Skill modifies the Chainsaw with the following effects:
There are 2 Achievements related to The Hillbilly :
You benefit from the following effect:
Tinkerer can only trigger once per Generator per Trial.
"The Hillbilly makes impressive tools out of scraps. Tools aimed at maiming us in creative ways." — Notebook
Players can choose from a variety of Cosmetic options to customise The Hillbilly :
"Have a fabulous Halloween 2016!" -The Dead by Daylight Team
"Have a Wonderful Winter 2017-2018!" - The Dead by Daylight Team
"Thank you for supporting & inspiring us along the years!" - The Dead by Daylight Team
The Hillbilly couldn’t help but envy the freedom of the milkman, coming and going as he pleased.
After a blizzard, his appearance changed, but his murderous appetite stayed the same.
There was some kid who used to wear a jacket just like this. He went for a drive one day and never made it home.
He found someone's old employee uniform in the trash.
The chill of last winter lingered in the air. An extra layer was necessary for the backbreaking labor of the farm.
When live performances were broadcast on TV, it was yet another world taking place before Max's eyes.
When live performances were broadcast on TV, it was yet another world taking place before Max's eyes.
When live performances were broadcast on TV, it was yet another world taking place before Max's eyes.
It was a day like no other on Coldwind Farm, as years of rage were finally unleashed in one horrific massacre.
A scorching look that leaves permanent injuries.
He received an old comic book from a kind-hearted farmhand.
He found the comic book in the dead farmhand’s pocket while exploring a lost realm.
Taking care of the farm since the landowners died. Killing is easy, farming is hard.
Taking care of the farm since the landowners died. Killing is easy, farming is hard.
Taking care of the farm since the landowners died. Killing is easy, farming is hard.
Taking care of the farm since the landowners died. Killing is easy, farming is hard.
Taking care of the farm since the landowners died. Killing is easy, farming is hard.
Some dirty hand-me-downs for you.
Some dirty hand-me-downs for you.
The Hillbilly couldn’t help but envy the freedom of the milkman, coming and going as he pleased.
His heart swelled with joy. Something inside told him he would have a friend at last.
A life of isolation deep in the mountains. Surviving the wilderness. Eradicating any threats that come too close.
Head into the woods for nature's bounty. Them varmints are good eatin'!
There was some kid who used to wear a jacket just like this. He went for a drive one day and never made it home.
If chicks dig scars, they are gonna love you!
A repugnant patchwork of human skin that strikes fear in birds and humans alike.
Well, howdy. You look like you could use some help. You're lucky you arrived when you did! This is the last stop for about a days' drive from here.
It was a day like no other on Coldwind Farm, as years of rage were finally unleashed in one horrific massacre.
He would stare through the crack in the wall for hours, watching the creatures hopping freely around the farmhouse.
Learn to live off the land, building shelters, lighting fires and eating only what you kill yourself. Luckily, there's plenty to kill. Nature provides.
Darkness took its toll on The Hillbilly who had spent most of his days secluded in a dark, damp room. For the New Year, he sought the light that had been taken from him all those years ago.
The only friend from Max's childhood was a cartoon cat.
A particularly aggressive specimen following experimentation. Injected in multiple locations to yield faster results, which caused severe fluid-filled lumps.
A scorching look that leaves permanent injuries.
He didn’t like the gatherings, and he let everybody know it.
He received an old comic book from a kind-hearted farmhand.
The Hillbilly is part of 1 DLC:
For more go to the Hillbilly's Gallery


--- https://deadbydaylight.wiki.gg/wiki/Wraith ---

Philip Ojomo or "The Wraith" is one of 42 Killers currently featured in Dead by Daylight .
He was introduced as a member of the original Killer Trio that released with the Game on 14 June 2016.
The Wraith must first be unlocked as a playable Killer by completing the Killer Tutorial .
The Wraith is a stealth Killer, able to cloak and uncloak at the ringing of his Wailing Bell .
His personal Perks, Predator , Bloodhound , and Shadowborn , give him extra abilities to track and locate Survivors, making him a very efficient Hunter.
He focuses on tracking and hunting Survivors, making it easier to catch and kill them.
Philip Ojomo came to this country without anything than hope for a new beginning. He was happy as he got offered a job at Autohaven Wreckers. A small scrap yard where bribed cops turned a blind eye for the somewhat shady business that took place.
Ojomo didn't care. He had seen criminal activity up close in his homeland and as long as he didn't get involved, he let things be. He just fixed cars and handled the crusher. Something he did really well. A car went in and a small, metallic cube came out.
It was not until one gloomy day that he, just by accident, saw some blood coming from one of the un-crushed cars. As he opened the trunk he found a young man, gagged and with tied hands with panic filled eyes. Ojomo freed the man who managed to run ten feet before Ojomo's boss stopped him and slit his throat. As Ojomo demanded answers he got explained to him that he'd been nothing more than a simple executioner as more or less every car had a soul in them as this was a "service" the scrap yard provided to certain "clients".
Ojomo snapped and went ballistic. He threw his boss in the crusher and let it slowly compress, as the head stuck out, Ojomo grabbed it and pulled head and spine out of the body. Then he left and was never seen again.
The table below lists additional Lore about The Wraith from The Archives , either from Tomes that featured him or from individual Lore entries that mentioned him:
The Wraith comes with 3 Perks that are unique to him:
Bloodhound causes the following effects:
Whenever you lose a Survivor in a Chase , Predator triggers its effect:
"Never stop moving and hope you're always two steps ahead of the beast." — Unknown, Notebook
Whenever you are blinded by any means, Shadowborn triggers its effect:
Prestiging The Wraith will automatically add Tier I of his Unique Perks to the inventories of all other Killers and unlock the ability for their higher-tiered versions to spawn in their Bloodweb .
Prestige The Wraith twice more to automatically add Tier II and Tier III respectively into the other Killers' inventories.
Azarov's Axe is the Primary Weapon of The Wraith . The teeth of death lie on Azarov's skull and spine.
"A heavy cast iron bell imbued with ancient powers. Allows the user to enter and walk the Spirit World when rung." SPECIAL OBJECT: WAILING BELL The Wraith starts the Trial in the Cloaked State , which has the following effects:
Ringing the Wailing Bell can be heard by Survivors throughout the Trial within the following ranges:
SPECIAL ABILITY: CLOAK / UNCLOAK The Wraith must Uncloak in order to attack and interact with Survivors. Press and hold the Power button at any time to ring the Wailing Bell and Uncloak , exiting the Spirit World :
The Wraith can Cloak and re-enter the Spirit World at any time by pressing and holding the Power button again to ring the Wailing Bell .
Surprise Attack: The Surprise Attack is a Score Event in the Deviousness Category that is triggered each time The Wraith successfully hits any Survivor within 5 seconds after uncloaking with a regular Basic Attack . The Surprise Attack is not a Special Attack, but rather just a Score Event the game checks for to trigger certain effects (e.g. "The Beast" - Soot , "Blind Warrior" - Mud and "Blind Warrior" - White ).
Unlocks potential in your Aura-reading ability while Cloaked :
Unlocks potential in your Aura-reading ability while Cloaked :
Used exclusively in 2v8 Trials, the Innate Skill modifies the Wailing Bell with the following effects:
There are 2 Achievements related to The Wraith :
Whenever you lose a Survivor in a Chase , Predator triggers its effect:
"Never stop moving and hope you're always two steps ahead of the beast." — Unknown, Notebook
Bloodhound causes the following effects:
Whenever you are blinded by any means, Shadowborn triggers its effect:
Players can choose from a variety of Cosmetic options to customise The Wraith :
"Have a fabulous Halloween 2016!" -The Dead by Daylight Team
"Have a Wonderful Winter 2017-2018!" - The Dead by Daylight Team
"Thank you for supporting & inspiring us along the years!" - The Dead by Daylight Team
The incessant croaking throughout the swamp made him wonder… what sounds do frogs make when flayed alive?
He visits those who draw attention to themselves by whistling in the woods late at night.
Working at a high-risk location requires some mitigating precautions.
Living in a waking nightmare requires some mitigating precautions.
He woke up screaming. All these years later, the bloodshed of his past still haunted his dreams.
A dark part of him, buried deep inside, emerged from the shadows with a cruel grin. Design inspired by KahChen .
He recalled a tale his grandmother told him about space travelers and unspeakable terrors.
A Halloween costume of the man who spawned a thousand vampire stories.
A long-abandoned car sat in the junkyard, covered in vines. A disturbing orange moss grew from the trunk.
All-consuming hatred begins as a spark of injustice. All it needs from there is a drop of kerosene.
His grandmother once told him the story of the trickster lizard, who taught the people to bury their dead.
Through the veil of night, the death bell rings.
Through the veil of night, the death bell rings.
Through the veil of night, the death bell rings.
Through the veil of night, the death bell rings.
Through the veil of night, the death bell rings.
For each shredded car, a soul was taken.
The incessant croaking throughout the swamp made him wonder… what sounds do frogs make when flayed alive?
For each shredded car, a soul was taken.
He visits those who draw attention to themselves by whistling in the woods late at night.
The bell tolls for those whose time is up. They have been warned.
The sharp fingers released him at last, and he realized he was somewhere new.
Working at a high-risk location requires some mitigating precautions.
Returning to the place where it all began, he contemplates the time when he was a decent human being.
Every morning, Ojomo would leave several bowls of cat food around the garage.
Long ago, Philip killed the ox of a poor farmer so he himself could survive. Nightmares of long forgotten guilt seeped into the Fog to produce a terrifying metamorphosis.
The darkness burns brightly within. With it comes the anger and violence of a man compelled to kill.
Void of humanity, nothing but a weathered husk of torment and rage remains.
He pulled the clothes off a corpse in the ruins of a realm.
The Wraith ventured in mangrove swamps, covering his arms in mud. He scavenged materials from crashed vehicles to cover the rest of his body.
A Halloween costume of the man who spawned a thousand vampire stories.
A mysterious figure sings in the dark, compelling the grieving Nurse to find her voice again.
He was drawn to the swarm of flies over an open trunk. Inside was a partially decomposed stag, its round eyes gazing into the abyss.
A tortured prototype with a unique, otherworldly densely corrupted quality.
All-consuming hatred begins as a spark of injustice. All it needs from there is a drop of kerosene.
His grandmother once told him the story of the trickster lizard, who taught the people to bury their dead.
Up to Patch 6.7.0 , The Wraith was affected by a unique mechanic when Survivors would use light-emitting Items against him when Cloaked :
SPECIAL VULNERABILITY: LIGHTBURN Interacting with the Spirit World caused The Wraith to suffer from Lightburn , which left him vulnerable to bright lights while he was Cloaked :
For more go to the Wraith's Gallery


--- https://deadbydaylight.wiki.gg/wiki/Trapper ---

Evan MacMillan or "The Trapper" is one of 42 Killers currently featured in Dead by Daylight .
He was introduced as a member of the original Killer Trio that released with the Game on 14 June 2016.
The Trapper is an area-control Killer, able to apply pressure across the Map by placing deadly Bear Traps for Survivors to step into.
His personal Perks, Unnerving Presence , Brutal Strength , and Agitation , allow him to chase and carry Survivors more effectively.
He is focused on physical attributes and making use of his strength and the Survivors' fear.
Evan MacMillan idolised his father. It wasn't just that he was heir to a great fortune, it was the way he ran the estate. Raised under his firm hand, Evan had taken to running the workforce with an iron hand. Production was always high and the MacMillan Estate prospered under father and son.
As Archie MacMillan's mental health slowly disintegrated, Evan protected him from the herd who wanted a piece of the fortune. No matter what his father asked of him, Evan would do.
When Archie MacMillan finally snapped, Evan became his enforcer in what would become known as the worst mass murder in modern history. They never proved that Evan lead over a hundred men into those dark tunnels before detonating the explosives and sealing them to their fate. The tale of the MacMillan Estate is a tale of wealth and power gone very wrong.
How many victims fell to the hands of father and son is unknown. No record is ever made of what became of Evan MacMillan. His father is another unsolved puzzle, found trapped in the locked basement of his own warehouse - starved and abandoned.
The table below lists additional Lore about The Trapper from The Archives , either from Tomes that featured him or from individual Lore entries that mentioned him:
The Trapper comes with 3 Perks that are unique to him:
While carrying a Survivor, Agitation activates:
While performing the Break or Damage action on Breakable Walls , Pallets , or Generators , Brutal Strength triggers its effect:
While inside your Terror Radius , Survivors performing Repairing or Healing actions suffer from the following effects:
Prestiging The Trapper will automatically add Tier I of his Unique Perks to the inventories of all other Killers and unlock the ability for their higher-tiered versions to spawn in their Bloodweb .
Prestige The Trapper twice more to automatically add Tier II and Tier III respectively into the other Killers' inventories.
The Cleaver is the Primary Weapon of The Trapper . A brutal cleaver, hammered by his own hands from the metals of the mine.
"A large foothold trap made of steel. Bear Traps are found lying around throughout the Trial Grounds, waiting to be picked up and set anywhere." SPECIAL TRAP: BEAR TRAP The Trapper starts the Trial with 2 Bear Traps equipped. Additionally, 8 Disarmed Bear Traps spawn in random locations throughout the environment.
The Auras of Bear Traps are revealed to The Trapper at all times. SPECIAL INTERACTION: COLLECTING TRAPS Press the Interaction button while standing near or above a Bear Trap to retrieve and collect it. The Trapper may carry up to 2 Bear Traps at a time. SPECIAL INTERACTION: SETTING TRAPS Press and hold the Power button to set and arm a carried Bear Trap :
SPECIAL INTERACTION: RESETTING TRAPS Press and hold the Power button while standing above a Disarmed Bear Trap to reset and arm it. SPECIAL INTERACTION: CATCHING SURVIVORS Press the Interaction button while standing near a Trapped Survivor to lift them out of the Bear Trap and onto The Trapper's shoulder, immediately allowing him to carry them.
Colouring: Bear Trap can be darkened by using the Tar Bottle Add-on, which makes them more difficult to spot for Survivors and more viable to place them in open spaces with few grass patches.
Modifies the Bear Traps with the following effect:
"Like a predatory beast, it can smell and track blood."
The razor-sharp blades inflict deep wounds aimed at bleeding the victim as fast as possible.
Used exclusively in 2v8 Trials, the Innate Skill modifies the Bear Trap with the following effects:
There are 2 Achievements related to The Trapper :
While inside your Terror Radius , Survivors performing Repairing or Healing actions suffer from the following effects:
While performing the Break or Damage action on Breakable Walls , Pallets , or Generators , Brutal Strength triggers its effect:
While carrying a Survivor, Agitation activates:
Players can choose from a variety of Cosmetic options to customise The Trapper :
"Have a fabulous Halloween 2016!" -The Dead by Daylight Team
"Have a Wonderful Winter 2017-2018!" - The Dead by Daylight Team
"Thank you for supporting & inspiring us along the years!" - The Dead by Daylight Team
The union boys moved their meetings deep into the forest, but Evan was prepared to track his prey.
The harsh winter froze his hands but failed to cool his lust for blood.
A fun way to hack up your victims on Halloween. They’ll surely appreciate the effort.
He waited for his prey to spring his trap in the cool evening.
Once the rubble had settled, he returned to the collapsed tunnel and waited until morning.
As a child, he remembered seeing a scary fighter in a newspaper ad. When he woke up in a trial, he bore in this remnant from a lost realm.
The wind whistled above him. His goal was the same as it ever was. He was ready for action.
Step up and see the incredible feats performed by this savage beast! But don't get too close! He bites!
While exploring the mine's underground he uncovered his true nature. Like father, like son.
As a boy, he would watch his father rub shoulders with other rich industrialists. Nothing about their parties felt right to him.
As Evan walked around the estate, he made sure to double-check all the traps. He had set them up properly, just as his dad asked him to do.
Maintain the flooding and keep your graveyard submerged in wetland water.
Maintain the flooding and keep your graveyard submerged in wetland water.
The union boys moved their meetings deep into the forest, but Evan was prepared to track his prey.
An outfit made specifically for heavy-duty manual labor and murder.
Harvest the souls of the unworthy.
The road to hell is paved with bear traps and good intentions.
The road to hell is paved with bear traps and good intentions.
A fun way to hack up your victims on Halloween. They’ll surely appreciate the effort.
As he set down a trap, something told him this time would be different.
The road to hell is paved with bear traps and good intentions.
Evan saw the little piggy putting books in his locker at the end of the hallway. He wondered how much money that boy had on him today.
When he awoke, something like pain shot through his entire body. But the pain was a source of power that excited him.
He always wanted to play in the park with the other kids but never had the chance.
As a teen he would venture underground and forge his way through his father's mines to set make-shift traps for unsuspecting employees.
Evan locked himself in his room and grabbed his sketchbook. He knew he'd be in trouble if his father found out, but he had to escape, even for a few minutes.
Treasure lies deep within the mountain, for those brave enough to venture into the darkness.
A cruel specimen injected with metalloids congealed at high temperatures.
While exploring the mine's underground he uncovered his true nature. Like father, like son.
The real reason you'll never go in the water again.
Step up and see the incredible feats performed by this savage beast! But don't get too close! He bites!
As a boy, he would watch his father rub shoulders with other rich industrialists. Nothing about their parties felt right to him.
As the white smoke gave way to a darkened fog, a titanic cry echoed through the lost realm.
As the white smoke gave way to a darkened fog, a titanic cry echoed through the lost realm.
As the white smoke gave way to a darkened fog, a titanic cry echoed through the lost realm.
A holiday monstrosity that punishes all the naughty boys and girls. Every Survivor that has dropped pallets and blinded Killers better watch out.
A dark fog enveloped him while life's narrative echoed in his mind, fueling his deep-seated disdain for all others.
The Trapper has 3 alternate Character models available in the in-game Store:
For more go to The Trapper's Gallery
