--- https://deadbydaylight.wiki.gg/wiki/Artist ---

Carmina Mora or "The Artist" is one of 42 Killers currently featured in Dead by Daylight .
She was introduced as the Killer of CHAPTER 22: Portrait of a Murder , a Chapter DLC released on 30 November 2021 and retired on 14 May 2024.
She is still available in the In-Game Store and as part of the Endless Hunt Pack Chapter Pack DLC.
The Artist is a ranged-reconnaissance Killer, able to launch Birds of Torment across the Map to reveal and attack Survivors.
Her personal Perks, Grim Embrace , Scourge Hook: Pain Resonance , and Hex: Pentimento , allow her to interrupt Survivor objectives, torment hooked Survivors, and use destroyed Totems to her advantage.
Carmina Mora was a gifted artist who carried the guilt of her young brother's death. Growing up a rugged coastal village in southern Chile, she sketched the sublime landscapes of Patagonia. Sitting outside, she painted dramatic fjords while feeding the crows nested in the tree next to the house.
She grew up carrying the guilt of her mother's sudden departure. Her father blamed Carmina for her mother's abandonment, which added to her grief. She became the caretaker of Matias, her little brother, despite still being a child herself.
A year later, Carmina was painting with Matias outside when the telephone rang. Her father remained in the yard, drinking his beer. Carmina rushed to the house to answer the phone and hung up a few seconds later. When she returned outside, Matias was nowhere to be seen. She asked her father, but he had paid no attention to Matias. She called her brother's name, looking for him everywhere. While searching, she saw a bright red coat floating on the narrow creek by the house — Matias' jacket. She jumped into the creek and found him floating on the surface with vacant eyes, unblinking. He had fallen and drowned.
Her scream tore the sky. Her father found Carmina sobbing on the creek's shore, clutching her brother's body in her arms, surrounded by a murder of crows. Her father snatched Matias's body away from her, and she cried until her voice broke.
The following morning, the world was cloaked in darkness. Her father did not say a word, because he did not have to. Carmina knew it was all her fault. Months passed, yet her loss was as fresh as morning dew. Crippled with self-loathing, she could no longer paint. Without Matias, life had no meaning.
On the bleak morning of Matias' birthday, Carmina walked to a narrow bridge several blocks away from home. She was convinced that nothing could bring her relief. Her mother was gone, her brother was dead, and her father blamed her for it all. She was convinced that she had nothing left to live for. Carmina walked to the railing of the bridge that stood over the turbulent river. Locals had nicknamed the spot DeathLeap. Several cars drove by Carmina, but none stopped. No one seemed to care. She climbed over the railing and her legs wobbled as she stood on the lip of the bridge. She looked down, watching the fierce river smash into a giant boulder. She closed her eyes.
Suddenly, a cacophony of caws filled the sky. Carmina opened her eyes and saw a black cloud of feathers flying towards her. The cloud split open and glossy black crows dove from the sky. One landed on her shoulder and stared intently into Carmina's eyes, as if peering into her soul. Her grip on the railing loosened and the crow cawed raucously. Carmina stared at the crow, confused.
Another crow landed on the railing, then another. Soon, a flock of crows were covering the railing of the bridge, staying close to her. She felt their heavy stare on her, calculative and enigmatic, as if they were assessing her. She looked down for a second and a thunder of caws interrupted her dark impulse. The crows seemed to care about her wellbeing. As she dangled over the edge with the wind blowing through her raven hair, Carmina felt akin to them. For the first time since Matias had died, Carmina did not feel alone.
She returned home, giving life another chance. The crows left, but Carmina suspected that if anything happened to her, they would return.
Inspired by her ordeal, Carmina picked up a brush. In the weeks that followed, she painted her experience, using black ink to depict the DeathLeap with a black cloud of feathers, the murder of crows that saved her life. The experience was transformative and launched her signature, black-ink surrealist art.
After several years, some colour pierced the darkness, and this shift of medium expanded her art form. She painted large-scale murals on busy street corners, designed grandiose costumes, and recited militant poetry. Carmina's art displayed local, intimate tragedies on a large scale, making them impossible to ignore. And everywhere she performed, crows followed.
Her performances grew bold and drew the attention of artists who found her style invigorating. She grew close to a group of painters who understood her iconoclastic vision. Her performances launched the Large-Scale Surrealist movement, which became a phenomenon.
Her renown grew enough to attract the commission of a multinational enterprise, The Vack Label. Carmina investigated the group, discovering that they gifted art pieces to select disreputable congressmen. Vack's commissioned artists seemed to disappear afterward.
Determined to expose the group's link to corrupt politics, Carmina accepted Vack's commission. The following week, Carmina painted a giant mural on a cemetery's columbarium, displaying the Vack Label logo as a surrealist grim reaper harvesting the fields of Chilean families. She wore a theatrical dress as she painted, on which she had stitched a poem about political revolution.
The piece sparked a radical debate about corruption. The controversy painted a target on Carmina's back. After receiving anonymous death threats, she took refuge in her father's house, bringing along her closest friends for safety.
That night, a gang of masked gunmen broke into the house. They swiftly subdued Carmina and her friends, threw them in a van, and drove off.
The following morning, a dry breeze blew sand on Carmina's face, awakening her. She was seated in a chair in the middle of the desert, with her legs tied and her hands handcuffed. Her friends were lying on the ground, tied up. A shadow fell over her face. Carmina looked up.
A man dressed in a long robe with his face hidden in a dark hood approached her. He pulled a silvery knife from his robe.
He grabbed her hands and recited a hymn in an unfamiliar language. Carmina held his gaze. He paused and brought down his blade with a sudden blow.
She cried in agony as her friends woke to a terrible sight; Carmina's severed hands falling in the sand.
The hooded man smiled in satisfaction. "How are you going to paint now?" Carmina cursed and screamed at him, wriggling against the bonds on her legs.
The man grabbed Carmina's chin. She spit in his face.
He grunted and pried her mouth open, pulling out her tongue. Carmina struggled in his hold. In a violent blow, he chopped off Carmina's tongue.
She howled in anguish. The man wiped his blade on his robe, leaving a trail of blood. "How are you going to recite poems now?"
Sorrow swelled in Carmina's chest, sharper than pain. Overwhelmed by uncontrollable rage, grief and loss overcame her senses. She had lost her little brother. And she had lost the only way to cope with such pain. Carmina screamed like on the day her brother died.
Raucous caws echoed through the wasteland. The sky was obscured by a cyclone of dark clouds. Black feathers fell on Carmina's bleeding arms. She looked up and saw a torrent of crows erupting from the clouds, diving on the hooded man.
As the ravenous crows pecked at his flesh mercilessly, Carmina smiled, watching her Surrealist art coming to life.
But her heart lurched with rage when she saw the crows move on to their next target, her friends on the ground. She screamed as waves of pain, guilt, and fright overwhelmed her. But it was in vain, the ravenous crows were uncontrollable.
Darkness fell over her eyes as her friends' agonising screams grew more acute. Death was coming and again, it was her fault.
A deep, Black Fog engulfed her.
The table below lists additional Lore about The Artist from The Archives , either from Tomes that featured her or from individual Lore entries that mentioned her:
The Artist comes with 3 Perks that are unique to her:
Each time a Survivor is hooked for the first time, Grim Embrace gains +1 Token and activates once you are at least 16 metres away from the Hook :
Unlocks potential in your Aura-reading ability:
The Hex Effects persist until the Hex Totem is either blessed or cleansed by a Survivor, disabling it for the remainder of the Trial.
"Though a pentimento is an inherently concealed piece of art, there is something to be said of the desire to discover that which is beyond." — A Guide to Art & Process (1961)
At the start of the Trial, 4 Hooks in the environment are changed into Scourge Hooks :
Whenever a Survivor is hooked onto a Scourge Hook for the first time, Scourge Hook: Pain Resonance consumes -1 Token and applies the following effects:
"The pain spills beyond flesh/darkness staining the horizon." — Girl in the Shadow by Carmina Mora
Prestiging The Artist will automatically add Tier I of her Unique Perks to the inventories of all other Killers and unlock the ability for their higher-tiered versions to spawn in their Bloodweb .
Prestige The Artist twice more to automatically add Tier II and Tier III respectively into the other Killers' inventories.
The Sharp Palette Blade is the Primary Weapon of The Artist . The absurd edges of reality forged a sharp blade out of the palette knife she once used to paint her murals.
"From a wellspring of eternal agony comes a swarm of darkness, a wild and ferocious murder of ink black crows." SPECIAL ABILITY: BIRDS OF TORMENT The Artist starts the Trial with 3 Tokens .
Press the Power button to charge Birds of Torment and visualise a Flight Path in front of her. Press the Attack button to consume -1 Token to summon a Dire Crow that faces in the direction of the Flight Path . Press it again to summon another Dire Crow for each remaining Token. SPECIAL ATTACK: DIRE CROWS Dire Crows can stay idling for up to 10 seconds , before they dissolve. The timer is reset each time a new Dire Crow is summoned. The Auras of all Dire Crows are revealed to The Artist at all times.
Survivors coming into contact with idling Dire Crows are swarmed, but cause them to dissolve instantly.
Press the Secondary Power button to launch all available Dire Crows in the direction of their individual Flight Paths . While travelling on their Flight Path of 7.5 metres , Dire Crows can damage Survivors coming into contact with them. Once a Dire Crow flies past its Flight Path or collides with an obstacle in the environment while still on it, it transforms into a Swarm . SPECIAL INTERACTION: SWARM Swarms continue travelling across the environment, while passing through any environmental obstacles. The Auras of travelling Swarms are revealed to all Players at all times. Swarms trigger Killer Instinct for 3 seconds on all Survivors too close to their path while travelling past them, unless the Survivors are crouching, which avoids detection.
When a Swarm collides with a Survivor, it starts swarming them with a Murder of Crows . The Auras of Murder of Crows are revealed to The Artist at all times, unless the Swarmed Survivors start repelling them, causing it to be hidden after 2.5 seconds . When a Swarm collides with a Swarmed Survivor , they are damaged. SPECIAL INTERACTION: REPELLING Swarmed Survivors can perform the Repel interaction for 8 second to remove the Murder of Crows . They can also instantly remove it by entering a Locker .
If Swarmed Survivors collide with an idling Dire Crow while performing the Repel interaction, the action is reset.
"Perhaps, covered in darkness as I was, they saw me as one of their own." — Carmina Mora
"See you soon, Matias." — Carmina Mora
"How are you going to paint now?" — Hooded Man
"How are you going to tell poems now?" — Hooded Man
"I see no salvation in the rot." — Carmina Mora
"They saved me when I could not save myself." — Carmina Mora
There are 2 Achievements related to The Artist :
Each time a Survivor is hooked for the first time, Grim Embrace gains +1 Token and activates once you are at least 16 metres away from the Hook :
At the start of the Trial, 4 Hooks in the environment are changed into Scourge Hooks :
Whenever a Survivor is hooked onto a Scourge Hook for the first time, Scourge Hook: Pain Resonance consumes -1 Token and applies the following effects:
"The pain spills beyond flesh/darkness staining the horizon." — Girl in the Shadow by Carmina Mora
Unlocks potential in your Aura-reading ability:
The Hex Effects persist until the Hex Totem is either blessed or cleansed by a Survivor, disabling it for the remainder of the Trial.
"Though a pentimento is an inherently concealed piece of art, there is something to be said of the desire to discover that which is beyond." — A Guide to Art & Process (1961)
Players can choose from a variety of Cosmetic options to customise The Artist :
"Have a fantastic holiday season and a bloody good new year!" —The Dead by Daylight Team
One of the up-and-coming artists she lived with worked day and night on a mixed-media piece.
She struggled to hold on to the memories of the up-and-coming artists she once called friends.
She studied the self-portrait. Something about it felt off, different from what she remembered.
She embraced the unknown, ready to paint everything she wanted.
She embraced a new beginning, ready to paint everything she wanted.
She wore this horrifying ensemble as she completed an enormous mural about the corruption of humanity. Design inspired by Aspriin .
To share her view of reality as an absurd abstraction, she painted large-scale murals, wearing different gowns for each performance.
To share her view of reality as an absurd abstraction, she painted large-scale murals, wearing different gowns for each performance.
Stripes lurked in the corner of her mind, finding its place in the large-scale mural she painted under a gleaming full moon.
One of the up-and-coming artists she lived with worked day and night on a mixed-media piece.
She drew inspiration from nature to design a dramatic dress symbolizing her rebirth as an artist.
She studied the self-portrait. Something about it felt off, different from what she remembered.
She embraced the unknown, ready to paint everything she wanted.
As the fog lifted around her, she felt thick ribbons of blood-like ink all over her body.
The Erinyes were deities of vengeance, drawn to the blood of a god.
She wore this horrifying ensemble as she completed an enormous mural about the corruption of humanity. Design inspired by Aspriin .
During the Darkening, glacial winds blew from the Lost Realms, spreading an everlasting frost of penetrating ice clusters.
The destruction of nature inspired this transgressive performance ensemble.
Thorny vines painfully clung to her dress and flesh.
It stood in the field of felled trees, raging against the desolation. When the fog emerged, it did not resist.
She devoured a group of hapless filmmakers deep in the woods when a dark fog set in.
NFA. Feeling inspired and frumious. The Jabberwock will need jaws that bite and claws that catch and eyes that see. Lady Tryks.
The Queens of darkness, ready to slay anyone in their path after answering the call of the Entity.
The Artist has 4 alternate Character models available in the in-game Store:
Up to Patch 6.7.0 , The Artist was affected by a unique mechanic when Survivors would use light-emitting Items against her Dire Crows :
Light Vulnerability: Both Idle Dire Crows and Swarms were vulnerable to bright lights:
