--- https://deadbydaylight.wiki.gg/wiki/Cannibal ---

Bubba Sawyer or "The Cannibal" , also known as " Leatherface ", is one of 42 Killers currently featured in Dead by Daylight .
He was introduced with CHAPTER 5.5: LEATHERFACE™ , a Half-Chapter DLC released on 14 September 2017.
He originates from the 1974 Horror Movie The Texas Chain Saw Massacre and its 1986 Sequel The Texas Chainsaw Massacre 2 .
The Cannibal is a chainsaw-wielding Killer, able to trigger a deadly frenzy using his Power, immediately downing anyone in its path.
His personal Perks, Knock Out , Barbecue & Chilli , and Franklin's Demise , make Survivors easier to locate while robbing them of their tools and abilities.
Whether killers perform their heinous acts by the compulsions of their diseased minds, or if they are forced into them by external pressures, has long been a matter of debate. But for one killer, nature and nurture are inextricably linked.
Leatherface kills not from a desire to exert his will over others, to satisfy carnal urges, or even to quiet the voices in his head. He kills because he is scared. Scared that others will hurt him; scared that his family will be displeased with him, scared that their shared willingness to eat human flesh will be discovered.
He does as he is told. His family loves him and that is all that matters. Outsiders are a threat, and threats need to be dealt with.
Like those kids that came into the house, uninvited. Walked in like they owned the place. Looked around the house, trying to find out his family’s secrets, no doubt. But Leatherface deals with them, and protects his family just as he’s been taught.
He is not just protector, he has many roles, and each role has its own face. He serves dinner, cares for the family, and dresses well when they eat. His Grandpa and Ma used to care for them all, but Grandpa, he is old now and Ma has been still for a while, so Leatherface and his brothers had to take over. Family is everything to him. Family is security and safety.
But, even though he did his best, one of the kids got away. He tried to stop her, chasing after her as fast as he could, but she had help: another outsider, driving a truck. The evil trucker killed his brother, ran him over like he was a possum. In a fury, Leatherface leapt at him, the saw ready to avenge his family, but the trucker was too quick. He knocked Leatherface aside and turned his own saw against him.
As he watched the outsiders driving away, the rage, grief and pain combined with the worry about what would happen to his family now. They would surely return with the police, and the police would take his brothers, his Grandpa. Without them, what would he do? Without their commands, he would wither and die.
As his world collapsed, Leatherface spun in circles, swinging the saw all around, trying to fight off the myriad external threats that surrounded him.
Then another feeling overtook him. It came from outside his vision, crawling over his skin with cold dread. He realised that no matter what outsiders could do to him, there was something worse, something bigger that lived in the shadows. He was filled with a terror unlike any he had ever felt before. But it was almost comforting, like the fear he'd felt with his family. The fear of disappointing them.
He was brought to a place that was familiar but unknowable, and he instinctively knew what he had to do. He couldn't fail it, the way he had his family. Outsiders would come but he would use his skills to overcome any threats. There would be screaming, but he could make the world quiet again. Until the only sound remaining was the blessed howl of the saw.
The Cannibal comes with 3 Perks that are unique to him:
"I just can't take no pleasure in killing. There's just some things you gotta do. Don't mean you have to like it." — Drayton Sawyer
"Sally, I hear something. Stop! Stop!" — Franklin Hardesty
Whenever a Survivor moves farther than 6 metres from a Pallet within 6 seconds of dropping it, Knock Out triggers its effect:
Prestiging The Cannibal will automatically add Tier I of his Unique Perks to the inventories of all other Killers and unlock the ability for their higher-tiered versions to spawn in their Bloodweb .
Prestige The Cannibal twice more to automatically add Tier II and Tier III respectively into the other Killers' inventories.
The Sledge is the Primary Weapon of The Cannibal . The Sledge might be old-fashioned, but it is still the fastest and cleanest way to put down cattle.
"An incredibly powerful and heavy Chainsaw which sank its teeth into countless victims. A suitable birthday gift for The Cannibal." SPECIAL WEAPON: BUBBA'S CHAINSAW The Cannibal starts the Trial with 3 Tokens . Tokens automatically recharge at a rate of 0.25 c/s while the Chainsaw is not in use. SPECIAL ABILITY: CHAINSAW SWEEP Press and hold the Power button to charge the Chainsaw and break into a Chainsaw Sweep for 2.5 seconds :
Using Bubba's Chainsaw consumes 1 Token . SPECIAL ABILITY: CHAINSAW DASH Press the Power button again during an on-going Chainsaw Sweep to chain a Chainsaw Dash :
SPECIAL STATE: TANTRUM Revving the Chainsaw fills the Tantrum Meter by +33 % per second , with it discharging at the same rate when stopping to rev. Once the meter is full, or after hitting an obstacle during a Chainsaw Sweep , The Cannibal unleashes a Tantrum for a minimum of 3 seconds , wildly slashing out and damaging any Survivors in close proximity, dealing double damage:
"I got some good barbecue here!" — Drayton Sawyer
"The secret's in the meat" — Drayton Sawyer
Starting a Chainsaw Dash automatically consumes all available Power Tokens, combining their durations:
"There are moments when we cannot believe that what is happening is really true. Pinch yourself and you may find out that it is." — Pam Jones
There are 2 Achievements related to The Cannibal :
Whenever a Survivor moves farther than 6 metres from a Pallet within 6 seconds of dropping it, Knock Out triggers its effect:
"I just can't take no pleasure in killing. There's just some things you gotta do. Don't mean you have to like it." — Drayton Sawyer
Players can choose from a variety of Cosmetic options to customise The Cannibal :
Leatherface's homemaker persona, serene and harmonious until everything goes wrong.
Leatherface put on a pretty face to dress up for a delicious diner.
BUBBA'S CHAINSAW: Press and hold the Power button to charge the Chainsaw:
Up to his rework in Patch 4.1.0 , The Cannibal shared most of his Add-ons with The Hillbilly , with few exceptions:
Prior to Patch 5.5.0 , The Cannibal was able to acquire Masks of each of the original four Survivors. They have since been removed and are no longer obtainable or usable by any Player. This change was motivated by issues with racism in post-game chats in conjunction with Claudette's Mask [ 1 ] .
All Players who had played at least one game with The Cannibal at any point since his original release, were recompensed for the removal of the Masks with 6,000 Iridescent Shards .
For more go to the Cannibal's Gallery
