--- https://deadbydaylight.wiki.gg/wiki/Good_Guy ---

Charles Lee Ray or "The Good Guy" , also known as " Chucky ", is one of 42 Killers currently featured in Dead by Daylight .
He was introduced as the Killer of CHAPTER 30: Chucky , a Chapter DLC released on 28 November 2023.
He originates from the 1990 Supernatural Slasher franchise Child's Play , specifically from Child's Play 2 .
The Good Guy is an elusive Killer, capable of deceiving Survivors with his illusory Footfalls and deadly Slice & Dice.
His personal Perks, Hex: Two Can Play , Friends 'til the End , and Batteries Included , allow him to blind those who blind him, relentlessly hunt his Obsession , and get faster around completed Generators.
Charles Lee Ray, the infamous Lakeshore Strangler, was tracked down and shot after a murderous rampage. However, he escaped death by having his soul possess a Good Guys doll named Chucky through a curse.
Chucky didn't want to stay a Good Guy forever, though, and he knew there was only one way to change that: take the body of Andy Barclay, the first person he had revealed his secret to. After his first attempt failed, Chucky waited two long years before he found Andy again.
With nobody standing between Chucky and Andy, he took the boy to the Good Guy factory to complete the process of stealing Andy’s body. But Andy’s foster sister, Kyle, realised something was amiss, and followed Andy to the factory.
Inside the factory Chucky forced Andy to the ground and spoke ancient words to take possession of his body. But the ritual didn’t go as planned and Kyle quickly and desperately toppled a stack of Good Guy boxes over him.
Chucky screamed his frustration as he pushed through the pile of boxes. Gathering his wits, he looked down the brightly lit aisle and saw Andy running into a thick, swirling mass of fog. He thought he was seeing things at first, but then he realised the Fog was real and there to help him. His words hadn’t worked as intended but he had somehow conjured something else, something unexpected, something he didn’t quite understand.
And not wanting to lose his only chance for a real body, he charged through the Fog screaming after Andy.
The Good Guy comes with 3 Perks that are unique to him:
While within 16 metres of a completed Generator , you benefit from the following effect:
When you hook any Survivors that is not the Obsession , the following effects apply to the Obsession :
"I got some fresh meat lined up, and I'm not gonna let you spoil it, not this time!" — Chucky
Anytime you are stunned or blinded by any Survivor a total of 4 / 3 / 2 times , and if there is not yet a Hex Totem already associated with Hex: Two Can Play and there is at least one Dull Totem remaining in the Trial Grounds, Hex: Two Can Play activates on a random Totem:
"From now on, no more Mr Good Guy." — Chucky
Prestiging The Good Guy will automatically add Tier I of his Unique Perks to the inventories of all other Killers and unlock the ability for their higher-tiered versions to spawn in their Bloodweb .
Prestige The Good Guy twice more to automatically add Tier II and Tier III respectively into the other Killers' inventories.
The Chef's Knife is the Primary Weapon of The Good Guy . A practical and easy-to-use weapon available in every kitchen.
"After the rage of being trapped in the body of a doll subsided, the Lakeshore Strangler realised this new body was the perfect host to disorient and surprise his kills." SPECIAL ABILITY: HIDEY-HO MODE Press the Secondary Power button to enter Hidey-Ho Mode for 14 seconds :
Press it again to exit the mode prematurely.
Hidey-Ho Mode has a cool-down of 12 seconds . SPECIAL ABILITY: ILLUSIONARY FOOTFALLS Illusionary Footfalls generate in a radius of 16 metres around each Survivor and aim to disorient them with sounds and footsteps coming from different directions, hiding the true whereabouts of The Good Guy . SPECIAL LOCOMOTION: SLICE & DICE While in Hidey-Ho Mode , press the Power button to launch a Slice & Dice attack:
SPECIAL INTERACTION: SCAMPER During a Slice & Dice attack, collide with a dropped Pallet or a Window to perform a Scamper under/over it, which takes 1 second to complete. "I'm one of the most notorious slashers in history. And I don't want to give that up. I am Chucky, the killer doll! And I dig it!" — Chucky
While performing a Slice & Dice attack, benefit from the following effect:
"A true classic never goes out of style." — Chucky
"If I don't get out of this body soon, I'm screwed." — Chucky
Used exclusively in 2v8 Trials, the Innate Skill modifies the Playtime's Over with the following effects:
There are 2 Achievements related to The Good Guy :
Anytime you are stunned or blinded by any Survivor a total of 4 / 3 / 2 times , and if there is not yet a Hex Totem already associated with Hex: Two Can Play and there is at least one Dull Totem remaining in the Trial Grounds, Hex: Two Can Play activates on a random Totem:
"From now on, no more Mr Good Guy." — Chucky
When you hook any Survivors that is not the Obsession , the following effects apply to the Obsession :
"I got some fresh meat lined up, and I'm not gonna let you spoil it, not this time!" — Chucky
While within 16 metres of a completed Generator , you benefit from the following effect:
Players can choose from a variety of Cosmetic options to customise The Good Guy :
He moved in for the kill as the house became engulfed in flames.
When Chucky said he was ready to party, this was not what he had in mind.
Testing on a plastic specimen seemed like a waste of time, but the results were staggering.
A doll that has been through many deaths but always came back.
On the night before Christmas, he made his escape. He tore open the wrapping and cut through the tape.
The Bride was marked by a rare blend of authentic kindness and a craving for murder.
The Good Guy has 1 alternate Character models available in the in-game Store:
