--- https://deadbydaylight.wiki.gg/wiki/Huntress ---

Anna (Russian: Анна) or "The Huntress" is one of 42 Killers currently featured in Dead by Daylight .
She was introduced as the Killer of CHAPTER 5: A Lullaby for the Dark , a free Chapter DLC released on 27 July 2017.
The Huntress is a ranged Killer, able to throw Hunting Hatchets at Survivors to injure them from a distance.
Her personal Perks, Beast of Prey , Territorial Imperative , and Hex: Huntress Lullaby , allow her to apply pressure through better Map awareness and enhanced chasing abilities.
Her Perks revolve around the hunt of the prey, to track and find so that she can get close enough to make the kill.
As soon as Anna was able to walk, her mother started teaching her how to survive a harsh, solitary life in the northern woods. Living in such an extremely remote and dangerous area required skill and resilience. When sunlight became too dim for productive activities, they would take refuge in their house, a sturdy old cabin constructed to resist the toughest winters. Close to the hearth’s warmth, Anna would rest in her mother's arms, surrounded by the few wooden toys and masks she had crafted for her. Drifting off to sleep with stories and lullabies, she dreamt happy dreams, ignorant of the events that would soon change everything.
Anna and her mother were stalking a great elk through the woods. They knew it was dangerous prey, but it had been a particularly difficult winter and they were almost out of food. The spectre of starvation frightened them more than any forest creature. Without warning, the elk reared, bellowed and charged at Anna. She was paralysed with fear as the whole world seemed to shake under the immense beast’s pounding hooves. The elk was close enough for Anna to see the murderous fury in its eyes when her mother threw herself in its path, axe in hand. A blood-curdling scream escaped from her lips as the elk impaled her upon its antlers and hoisted her into the air. With all her strength, she brought her axe down on its head again and again while it tried to shake her loose. With a sickening crack, the antlers snapped and Anna’s mother was free. The beast collapsed.
Anna was too small to move her mother’s broken body, so she sat with her in the clearing where she had fallen. To distract her from the dying elk’s cries, Anna’s mother held her and hummed her favourite lullaby. They stayed like that, the huntress and the elk getting quieter and colder, until Anna was alone in the silent forest. Eventually she stood up and started the long walk back home.
Still a child, she knew just enough about life in the frozen forest to survive. She followed her instincts and became one with the wild. She got older and stronger and practised her hunt. As she grew into a dangerous predator, her humanity became a half-remembered dream.
She widened her territory and lived off her hunts. She worked her way up through squirrels, hares, mink and foxes. Eventually she grew tired of them and hunted more dangerous animals like wolves and bears. When unsuspecting travellers came through her woods, she discovered her new favourite prey: humans. Unlucky souls who strayed into her territory were slaughtered like any other animal. She liked to collect their tools and colourful garments and especially toys when there were little ones. But she could never bring herself to kill the little girls.
Girls she would take back to her house, deep in the woods. They were precious, and looking at them woke up something deep in her heart. She craved the closeness of a loved one, a child of her own. Among the pillaged wooden toys, dolls and story books she couldn't read, the girls would be tied by the neck with a rough and chafing rope fastened firmly to the wall. She couldn't let them wander off, or they would surely die outside.
Every time, the girls would waste away and die of cold or starvation or sickness. Every time, it plunged Anna deeper into pain and sorrow and madness. She was compelled to try again, and started raiding the nearest villages to slaughter families and kidnap their daughters. She wore one of the animal masks her mother crafted for her so many years earlier to try to calm the frightened children. Villagers spread the legend of a half-beast lurking in Red Forest : The Huntress, who killed men and ate little girls.
War eventually came to the forest. German soldiers began to pass through, on the march to attack the collapsing Russian Empire.  During these dark times, there were no more travellers. The villagers had abandoned their homes, and no more little ones to be found; only soldiers. Many of them were found with violent axe wounds. Whole groups disappeared mysteriously. Once the war was over, the rumours of The Huntress disappeared with it, engulfed by the Red Forest.
The table below lists additional Lore about The Huntress from The Archives , either from Tomes that featured her or from individual Lore entries that mentioned her:
The Huntress comes with 3 Perks that are unique to her:
Whenever you trigger the Bloodlust Status Effect , Beast of Prey activates for 30 / 35 / 40 seconds :
Survivors performing Healing or Repairing actions suffer from the following effect:
"That song, it drives me crazy!"
Territorial Imperative has a cool-down of 45 seconds .
Prestiging The Huntress will automatically add Tier I of her Unique Perks to the inventories of all other Killers and unlock the ability for their higher-tiered versions to spawn in their Bloodweb .
Prestige The Huntress twice more to automatically add Tier II and Tier III respectively into the other Killers' inventories.
The Broad Axe is the Primary Weapon of The Huntress . A traditional Axe with a large and heavy head, suitable for squaring logs and planks.
"A skill taught by her mother and mastered in the wild. The Huntress can throw hatchets with deadly precision." SPECIAL WEAPON: HUNTING HATCHETS The Huntress starts the Trial with 7 Hunting Hatchets equipped.
Press and hold the Power button to wind up and charge a Hunting Hatchet . Release the Power button to throw the Hunting Hatchet or press the Attack button to cancel the throw:
Hunting Hatchets can be replenished at Lockers . The Auras of Hunting Hatchets inside Lockers are automatically revealed to The Huntress within 36 metres , when she is out of them.
"The iridescent glass cuts through flesh and soul."
Used exclusively in 2v8 Trials, the Innate Skill modifies the Hunting Hatchets with the following effects:
There are 3 Achievements related to The Huntress :
Whenever you trigger the Bloodlust Status Effect , Beast of Prey activates for 30 / 35 / 40 seconds :
Territorial Imperative has a cool-down of 45 seconds .
Survivors performing Healing or Repairing actions suffer from the following effect:
"That song, it drives me crazy!"
Players can choose from a variety of Cosmetic options to customise The Huntress :
"Have a Wonderful Winter 2017-2018!" - The Dead by Daylight Team
"Happy Lunar New Year 2018!" -The Dead by Daylight Team
"Thank you for supporting & inspiring us along the years!" - The Dead by Daylight Team
A traditional outfit she found on an old corpse from the Lost Realms.
A distorted outfit she found on an old corpse from the Lost Realms.
She charged through a flamethrower’s fiery stream to strike her mark, but the battle was paid at a horrible cost.
Night fell, and she watched from the trees as the soldiers hunted for birds.
A terrifying assembly of German and Soviet military accessories, pilfered from the bodies of dead soldiers.
The time for hibernating is over. Emerge from your slumber and pursue your prey. Tonight, you shall feast on your enemies!
The remaining soldiers wheeled her through the forest. Those who survived were relieved to finally capture their worst nightmare.
The remaining soldiers wheeled her through the forest, thankful that their greatest fear was finally captured.
As the nights grow longer, the woods turn quieter. Winter is near and so is the long slumber.
As the nights grow longer, the woods turn quieter. Winter is near and so is the long slumber.
Never fear these little rodents. There is nothing to be afraid of. It is time to play some cat and mouse!
A traditional outfit she found on an old corpse from the Lost Realms.
She charged through a flamethrower’s fiery stream to strike her mark, but the battle was paid at a horrible cost.
She looked up at the tempestuous skies just as a cold grip overtook her.
Anna studied at the lifeless warhorse in the clearing. Its body was eviscerated, flesh stripped from its face.
Hear the blood-curdling shrieks calling, haunting the forest with a shrill song of mercilessness.
The time for hibernating is over. Emerge from your slumber and pursue your prey. Tonight, you shall feast on your enemies!
She stood before her foes, taking in their abject fear as they beheld her.
A terrifying assembly of German and Soviet military accessories, pilfered from the bodies of dead soldiers.
This feral specimen was the first experiment of its kind.
Notes from the Absurd (NFA). The realm is filled with giant cards and massive red hearts. The perfect place for the Red Queen to play croquet with putrid heads. The only thing missing now is a rabbit. Or was the version of the story with a skunk better? The Not-So Mad Designer.
The huntress honored her ancestors during the solstice with a feast that lasted three nights.
When she was still a child, she heard a story about a little girl living by a giant lake filled with salty water called the sea.
In the endless frozen wastes, some members of native tribes still survive, however they can.
The Huntress honors and embodies the defiant spirit of the wild boar.
The soldier found the corpse slumped on the ground. It was imposing, in a beastly way.
As a cruel executioner, her voice deepened and haunted the nightmares of children.
The remaining soldiers wheeled her through the forest. Those who survived were relieved to finally capture their worst nightmare.
Mordeo hunted the unworthy who trespassed into her sacred patch of the forest.
The injured traveler found refuge in a small village. Warming himself by the fire of a modest tavern, he told the locals about his encounter with a beast lurking in the nearby woods.
The Huntress has 4 alternate Character models available in the in-game Store:
The Huntress is part of 2 DLCs:
For more go to the Huntress' Gallery
