--- https://deadbydaylight.wiki.gg/wiki/Knight ---

Tarhos Kovács or "The Knight" is one of 42 Killers currently featured in Dead by Daylight .
He was introduced as the Killer of CHAPTER 26: Forged in Fog , a Chapter DLC released on 22 November 2022 and retired on 14 May 2024.
He is still available in the In-Game Store and as part of the Endless Hunt Pack Chapter Pack DLC.
The Knight is a strategic Killer, able to send his faithful Guards to hunt for Survivors and damage objects on the battlefield.
His personal Perks, Nowhere to Hide , Hex: Face the Darkness , and Hubris , allow him to reveal Survivors near Generators, curse Survivors to scream out in fear, and cause a Survivor who stuns you to become Exposed .
Tarhos Kovács didn’t remember much about his childhood, but what he did remember he would chase his entire life. He remembered the cries and screams in the village. He remembered his mother forcing him to swallow a thick, black fluid like medicine. He remembered collapsing to the hard floor only to awaken in a mass grave, buried under a crush of bodies, with the sound of the village burning in his ears. He remembered pushing, pulling, and climbing to the top of the bloody mass only to be seized by the death, destruction, and silence—the indifferent and impenetrable silence. A high-pitched whine suddenly sounded in his ears and his skin began to prickle as he realised he was in the presence of something he couldn’t possibly understand. And though he couldn’t articulate what he was experiencing, he knew it wasn’t pain, grief, or fear. It was something else. Something closer to—
As Tarhos tried to make sense of the moment, he didn’t notice the men who approached him from behind. He didn’t even react when they carried him off to a horse-drawn buggy and locked him up in a small, wooden cage with other slaves. He just stared at the scene, mesmerised. And even as they rode away telling him he was headed for Italy, Tarhos stared through the wooden cracks with eyes wide open and a heart wanting to understand what could not be understood.
From that day on, Tarhos belonged to the Guardia Compagnia where he trained under Kadir Hakam. There he learned to wield weapons, forge armour, and recite a code of chivalry to obediently serve those who would employ his services. As the years passed, Tarhos made few friends amongst the hostile and competitive mercenaries. But his skill, strength, and smarts attracted a small following who believed his courage brought them luck in battle and that one day he would help them earn their collective freedom. Three of his followers pledged their undying allegiance to Tarhos and came to be known as his faithful three. His pack.
Alejandro Santiago apprenticed with the Guardia Compagnia’s Armourer.
Durkos Malecek showed an aptitude for stealth and silent kills.
Sander Rault matched Tarhos in size and strength. His weapon of choice: a massive battle axe.
As the Guardia Compagnia carried out campaigns in faraway lands, Tarhos dispatched countless enemies. Years passed. Blood flowed. And yet, all that killing still didn’t bring Tarhos closer to what he had experienced in his village. Nevertheless, for his bravery in battle, Tarhos was granted knighthood and freedom. The Hungarian slave was now liberated, his brutality rewarded, though his heart still longed for something else — something he could not name or describe. Tired of taking orders from those he considered his inferiors, Tarhos left the Guardia Compagnia to strike out on his own. Their leader, however, refused to release his followers.
Determined to raise enough gold to liberate his followers, Tarhos found employment with a wealthy Italian Lord. Vittorio Toscano was the Duke of Portoscuro. He was also a scholar, a world traveller, and a collector of ancient knowledge that had been hidden by an unknown cabal of mystics. Tarhos joined Vittorio’s latest expedition to find a fragment of a pillar from an ancient school lost to time. A stone Vittorio called the Lapis Paradisus for he believed it held secrets to open a gateway into a perfect world beyond good and evil.
The expedition searched Roman ruins in France and crossed the Pyrenees Mountains into Spain where the path led to the catacombs beneath the Portuguese city of Sintra.
The citizens there considered the catacombs sacred. Tarhos would have to kill the villagers guarding the entrance to retrieve the stone. Not wanting to shed blood, Vittorio commanded Tarhos to find another way. But Tarhos — who had seen the most horrific acts committed under the guise of chivalry — refused to be dissuaded by pretences of honour. He waited for Vittorio to ride back to camp. Then, with a mighty roar, he pushed forward, cutting a path of blood and gore into the darkness until he had the stone in his grasp.
Upon returning to the town of Portoscuro, Tarhos imprisoned Vittorio in his own dungeon, demanding to know the meaning behind the symbols etched in the stone. When Vittorio refused to talk, Tarhos brutally tortured his friends and relatives and made horrific displays of their bodies in the streets. But nothing he did shook Vittorio’s resolve to keep the secrets of the stone from Tarhos. Enraged, Tarhos seized control of Vittorio’s riches and raised a small army. Within months, Tarhos fearlessly marched upon the Guardia Compagnia, decimating their barracks, freeing his followers, cutting down his enemies like twigs and collecting their ‘righteous’ heads for his growing displays of ‘valour.’
In time several lords in neighbouring provinces believed Tarhos was the very embodiment of evil. They banded together to create a ‘moral’ and ‘virtuous’ army to purge evil from Portoscuro. Tarhos ignored their threats. He viewed the lords as a cowardly lot who cloaked their greed and ambition in laws, codes, and platitudes. Laws and codes and platitudes designed to hide from the very darkness Tarhos embraced and accepted without judgment.
But, with his enemies on the march, Tarhos headed toward the dungeons to give Vittorio the death he deserved. He refused to afford him even the slightest hope of rescue. With dark intentions, he entered the small prison, wound his way into the bowels of the earth, and pushed through a torch-lit corridor. He hesitated for a moment, realising he would never learn Vittorio’s knowledge and secrets. But neither would anyone else. That was good enough for him. And so, he unlocked and kicked open the dungeon door. Two quick strides brought him to an empty, rat-infested chamber.
Tarhos stood silent for a moment, then a roar of indignation burst out of his lungs as the sounds of battle suddenly reverberated through the town. Instantly, he stumbled through the corridor, rushed up the twisting stairs, vaulted out of the moonlit doorway and charged through pools of gleaming blood and viscera, smashing and shattering his way through the enemy. The ‘moral’ and ‘virtuous’ lords rained flaming boulders and tree-trunks among the town, bursting through homes, crushing villagers like worms, pounding the ground and igniting stacks of hay and piles of lumber into massive tongues of fire.
Amidst the carnage and chaos, the pack found Tarhos, and back-to-back, they became a whirlwind of death. Some believed their courage gave them luck. Others believed something otherworldly protected them. Whatever it was, they alone felled dozens of warriors as easily as stomping and crushing beetles. And as they butchered the enemy, Tarhos didn’t notice the strange fog rising from the fallen corpses and clattering armour until he couldn’t see two inches in front of him in any direction.
Tarhos stumbled forward, groping in the thick fog like the dark fluid his mother forced down his throat all those years ago. His coordination and sense of direction was confused as he called out for his pack. How long he stumbled in the almost perfect darkness he did not know. But suddenly the fog dissipated to reveal a phantasmal wasteland of rotting bodies and burning villages and great crumbling towers leaning drunkenly on the horizon. He stared in awe. A familiar high-pitched whine sounded in his ears and his skin began to prickle. He stood transfixed, realising by some incredible chance, his heart had found exactly what it had been searching for all his life. He didn’t need Vittorio. He didn’t need the stone. He had found his paradise. He had found —
The table below lists additional Lore about The Knight from The Archives , either from Tomes that featured him or from individual Lore entries that mentioned him:
The Knight comes with 3 Perks that are unique to him:
If there is still a Dull Totem in the environment, Hex: Face the Darkness lights a Hex Totem after injuring a Survivor by any means, cursing them with its Hex Effects . While cursed, the following effects trigger once every 35 / 30 / 25 seconds on all other Survivors outside of the Terror Radius :
"I shall make an example of one. These mewling worms will never know peace." — Tarhos Kovács
Whenever a Survivor stuns you by any means, Hubris triggers its effect:
"You have made a grave mistake, standing in opposition to me this day." — Tarhos Kovács
Performing the Damage Generator action on a Generator triggers Nowhere to Hide :
Prestiging The Knight will automatically add Tier I of his Unique Perks to the inventories of all other Killers and unlock the ability for their higher-tiered versions to spawn in their Bloodweb .
Prestige The Knight twice more to automatically add Tier II and Tier III respectively into the other Killers' inventories.
The Imposing Claymore is the Primary Weapon of The Knight . A massive weapon capable of cleaving a foe in half, in the right hands.
"The Knight alone is a terrifying monster on the battlefield, but with his loyal Guards, he is nearly unstoppable. Together, the Guardia Compagnia fights for their own freedom, killing anyone who gets in their way." SPECIAL ABILITY: GUARDIA COMPAGNIA The Knight can summon his three loyal companions one at a time to patrol nearby areas, hunt Survivors, or perform tasks on his behalf. SPECIAL ABILITY: GUARD SUMMON Press and hold the Secondary Power button to cycle through the 3 Guards . Press and hold the Power button to enter the Guard Summon Mode . Press the Secondary Power button to exit it at any time.
While in the Guard Summon Mode , The Knight can move forwards at 13.8 m/s while steering with his camera, represented to Survivors as a Ghostly Orb that quickly fades to become invisible after exceeding 10 metres . Moving in this form leaves a trail known as the Patrol Path .
The Knight automatically exits the Guard Summon Mode after exceeding the maximum length of the Patrol Path of 32 metres or after 10 seconds have elapsed.
The Knight is unable to see Survivors in this mode, as well as their Scratch Marks and Pools of Blood , but can still see their interactions with the environment.
The Knight can summon a new Guard at any time while another one is already active, causing that one to de-spawn and go on cool-down. SPECIAL COMPANIONS: GUARDS Each of the 3 Guards comes with his own special abilities and has their own separate cool-down:
SPECIAL ABILITY: GUARD PATROL While in the Guard Summon Mode drawing a Patrol Path of at least 10 metres grants the ability to order a Guard Patrol , summoning a Guard at the far end of the Patrol Path , causing him to repeatedly walk it up and down until either the Power Gauge is depleted or he detects a nearby Survivor, which will initiate a Hunt . Additionally, the following effects apply, depending on the final length of the Patrol Path :
The Knight can cancel an active Patrol by hitting the Guard with a Basic Attack :
SPECIAL ABILITY: GUARD ORDER While in the Guard Summon Mode , press the Attack button while within 6 metres of a Breakable Wall , dropped Pallet , or partially repaired Generator to initiate a Guard Order , causing the summoned Guard to perform the Break or Damage action on the highlighted object.
A Guard Order regresses a Generator by -5 % . SPECIAL ATTACK: GUARD HUNT If a Survivor is inside the Detection range of a Guard and either in his line-of-sight or triggers a Loud Noise Notification , the Guard will detect their presence and phase through the environment, including through floors and across elevation, to reach their exact detected location over 2.5 seconds , after which he starts a Hunt , chasing after the Hunted Survivor :
Hunted Survivors can escape a Hunt unharmed by doing either of the following:
If The Knight comes within 8 metres of his Guard , the Depletion rate of the Hunt is increased by a factor of x3 . If either the Guard or The Knight damages the Hunted Survivor , the Hunt ends immediately and the former disappears. If the Guard downs the Hunted Survivor , they trigger Killer Instinct for 3 seconds .
Patrol Path Camera: It should be noted that  while drawing a Patrol Path , the position of the camera (the Green Orb ) is considered to be the location of The Knight , not where his body is physically located. This does not, however, influence Unlockables with distance-related activation conditions as of Patch 6.4.2 anymore.
Modifies the Patrol Path with the following effects:
Summoning The Carnifex has the following effect:
Summoning The Assassin has the following effect:
"They huddle in their villages like parasites! They have lost the drive for power." — Tarhos Kovács
"I fear he has left me here to die." — Vittorio Toscano
There are 2 Achievements related to The Knight :
Performing the Damage Generator action on a Generator triggers Nowhere to Hide :
If there is still a Dull Totem in the environment, Hex: Face the Darkness lights a Hex Totem after injuring a Survivor by any means, cursing them with its Hex Effects . While cursed, the following effects trigger once every 35 / 30 / 25 seconds on all other Survivors outside of the Terror Radius :
"I shall make an example of one. These mewling worms will never know peace." — Tarhos Kovács
Whenever a Survivor stuns you by any means, Hubris triggers its effect:
"You have made a grave mistake, standing in opposition to me this day." — Tarhos Kovács
Players can choose from a variety of Cosmetic options to customise The Knight :
"Have an amazing Winter season 2022!" - The Dead by Daylight Team
Tarhos was locked in gruesome battle with the most fearsome mercenary in the empire.
Tarhos was locked in brutal combat with a mercenary feared by all who knew his name.
How many eyes have gazed upon this weathered suit of armor before blinking their last?
Armor he was forced to wear by his lord.
Armor he was forced to wear by his lord, corrupted by the Rift.
Tarhos arrived at the village where his target was rumored to be hiding. The air was heavy with the stench of decay and despair.
A soft light shined through a hole in the rock, illuminating the human bones covering the entire cave floor.
A soft light shined through a hole in the rock, illuminating the human bones covering the entire cave floor.
A soft light shined through a hole in the rock, illuminating the human bones covering the entire cave floor.
A soft light shined through a hole in the rock, illuminating the human bones covering the entire cave floor.
His armor gave no indication of his humanity and made him look like an iron statue.
His armor gave no indication of his humanity and made him look like an iron statue.
His armor gave no indication of his humanity and made him look like an iron statue.
His armor gave no indication of his humanity and made him look like an iron statue.
Years of battle wore at his protection, but not his resolve.
Earlier iterations of his gear utilized whatever protective materials his company could find.
He was rarely more intimidating than he was in this armor.
Along the road between nations, he and his men came across another band of armored travelers.
Along the road between nations, he and his men came across another band of armored travelers.
An armor he forged himself, knowing the fear he wanted to inspire.
The thieves heard of an ancient relic hidden in a cave. An encampment had surrounded the cave, so they knew they'd have to be careful.
Captured by creeping ivy in the fog, he let his burning desire for chaos consume him, changing him.
Tarhos was locked in gruesome battle with the most fearsome mercenary in the empire.
The boy was unique among the slaves bound for Italy. While others were gripped by fear, he was entranced by visions of blood and fire.
Armor he was forced to wear by his lord.
He left the warcamp behind, walking toward the rising moon. His sole objective was to find the mythical King of the Wild Hunt.
His latest conquest was a superstitious farming community with a harvest big enough to feed his army.
A soft light shined through a hole in the rock, illuminating the human bones covering the entire cave floor.
Something in The Entity’s Realm brought him to the brink of death… and back again.
The Knight has 2 alternate Character models available in the in-game Store:
