--- https://deadbydaylight.wiki.gg/wiki/Legion ---

Frank Morrison, Julie Kostenko, Susie Lavoie, and Joey Cadogan or "The Legion" are one of 42 Killers currently featured in Dead by Daylight .
They were introduced as the Killer of CHAPTER 10: Darkness Among Us , a Chapter DLC released on 11 December 2018 and retired on 8 January 2024.
They are still available in the In-Game Store and as part of the Old Wounds Pack Chapter Pack DLC.
The Legion are a band of merciless Killers, able to rush down helpless Survivors with their power, Feral Frenzy . Attacks made during their frenzy inflict lingering internal damage, downing any Survivors that are not quick enough to react.
Their personal Perks, Discordance , Mad Grit , and Iron Maiden , give them the ability to locate their prey and attack savagely while transporting Survivors to the Hook.
Frank Morrison was nineteen and had little to show for it. He'd stopped attending school after being kicked out of the basketball team for shoving a referee into the stands. Yet Frank was a man of potential, who could light up a room despite his bleak childhood. At six years old, he'd been taken away from Calgary to start a circuit of foster homes. No matter how many times he'd lashed out, threw tantrums and got into fights, they'd kept moving him to new, unfamiliar houses. His last move had been three years prior when his last foster dad, Clive Andrews , had picked him up from the adoption centre. They'd been on the road for seven hours before reaching a small bungalow in Ormond. It would be the longest time they'd spend together. Clive was too busy trading cheques from Family Services for drinks at the bar.
Ormond was a small, stale place; a remote town of six thousand inhabitants where grey winters drag on for most of the year. Frank did everything he could to get into another adoptive family, but he changed his mind when he caught the attention of Julie, a beautiful girl who was convinced that she deserved better than a life in Ormond, and Frank, as an outsider, was her ticket out. Frank attended the parties she threw where everyone was younger than him and easily impressed, which he liked. He met the impulsive Joey, who liked to show off, and the shy, naïve Susie, who was Julie's best friend.
They would hang out at an abandoned lodge up Mount Ormond. Their time together was the perfect break from the boring conformity of their small, insignificant everyday lives. Frank saw it as an opportunity to shape their lack of experience into something powerful. He lined up nights of debauchery and rampage, testing their limits. Bullying, vandalism, and theft were essentially their weekend plans. It came to a point where they would do anything he asked. Nothing was off-limits when they put their masks on. One evening, Frank dared Joey to vandalise the store that had recently fired him. They snuck inside easily enough, as the building was supposed to be empty after closing hours. But a cleaner who was still there grabbed Julie as soon as she came near. Hearing her stifled cries, a dark impulse took over Frank. He rushed to her aid, knife in hand, and without hesitating, planted the blade into the cleaner's back.
As the group stared at Frank in shock, he ordered them to finish the job. Joey clenched his jaw, grabbed the knife, and stabbed the bleeding man in the ribs. Susie didn't want to do it. Frank shouted at her; they had to finish what they'd started. Julie closed her eyes and slid the knife into the man's chest. She handed the wet blade to Susie: they were all in this together now. Susie stared at Julie in disbelief as Frank grabbed her trembling hands and inserted the knife deep into the man's throat. Frank told them to move fast; they mopped the blood off the floor, stashed the body in the trunk of Joey's car, and drove up Mount Ormond.
All four were digging in the muddy snow to dispose of the body when Frank spotted something moving through the woods. He grabbed his knife and broke from the group to check it out. The Fog thickened around Frank, becoming so dense that he soon could no longer see ahead. He retraced his steps and stumbled onto an ominous trail. He followed the eerie path, as if called by the darkness. Julie, Susie, and Joey finished digging, but Frank was nowhere to be seen. Julie spotted his muddy footsteps in the snow and the three of them followed the trail, which took them deeper into the woods. When Julie, Susie, and Joey did not return home that night, their parents thought they'd run away with Frank. Each family came up with a different theory. The mood in the town changed, however, when a body was found by an abandoned lodge up Mount Ormond.
The table below lists additional Lore about The Legion from The Archives , either from Tomes that featured them or from individual Lore entries that mentioned them:
The Legion come with 3 Perks that are unique to them:
"Smartasses get killed. We always see to that." — The Legion
Whenever a Survivor exits a Locker , Iron Maiden triggers its secondary effects:
"This is no place for cowards." — The Legion
"There's no getting out of this now. We're too good at it." — The Legion
Prestiging The Legion will automatically add Tier I of their Unique Perks to the inventories of all other Killers and unlock the ability for their higher-tiered versions to spawn in their Bloodweb .
Prestige The Legion twice more to automatically add Tier II and Tier III respectively into the other Killers' inventories.
The Hunting Knife is the Primary Weapon of The Legion . A sharp blade with a jagged saw back and textured handle.
"They were a plain group of friends until Frank formed them into a Legion. Now they draw power from the thrilling freedom of not abiding to any rule but their own." SPECIAL ABILITY: FERAL FRENZY Press the Power button when the Power Gauge is full to enter Feral Frenzy for up to 11 seconds :
Feral Frenzy takes 15 seconds to recharge. SPECIAL ABILITY: FERAL VAULT Press the Interaction button during Feral Frenzy while next to a dropped Pallet or a Window to perform a Feral Vault :
SPECIAL ABILITY: FERAL SLASH Press the Attack button during Feral Frenzy to initiate a Feral Slash Attack . Hitting a Survivor with it applies the following effects:
Hitting a Survivor already suffering from Deep Wound or missing a Feral Slash automatically ends Feral Frenzy . SPECIAL STATE: FATIGUE After Feral Frenzy either elapses or The Legion cancel it prematurely, they enter a state of Fatigue , reducing their Movement speed to 2.3 m/s for 2.5 seconds .
Julie's Mix Tape can be combined with any other Mix Tape Add-on to unlock multiple sound layer combos.
Joey's Mix Tape can be combined with any other Mix Tape Add-on to unlock multiple sound layer combos.
Susie's Mix Tape can be combined with any other Mix Tape Add-on to unlock multiple sound layer combos.
Survivors hit with chained Feral Slashes grant Tokens towards BFFs :
During Feral Frenzy , you benefit from the following effects:
The Fuming Mix Tape can be combined with any other Mix Tape Add-on to unlock multiple sound layer combos.
"The youth consumed by the iridescent glass magnifies and widens the reach of The Entity."
The Mix Tape Add-ons change The Legion's Terror Radius by unlocking an additional layer on the closest proximity or when in a Chase:
Used exclusively in 2v8 Trials, the Innate Skill modifies Feral Frenzy with the following effects:
There are 2 Achievements related to The Legion :
"Smartasses get killed. We always see to that." — The Legion
Whenever a Survivor exits a Locker , Iron Maiden triggers its secondary effects:
Players can choose from a variety of Cosmetic options to customise The Legion :
"Have a Wonderful Winter 2018-2019!" - The Dead by Daylight Team
"Thank you for supporting & inspiring us along the years!" - The Dead by Daylight Team
"Thank you for supporting & inspiring us along the years!" - The Dead by Daylight Team
Susie was bullied by a particularly vicious cheerleader at school. It didn’t end well for the cheerleader.
Rugged and confident apparel for throwing back a few and seeing where the violent cravings take you.
Weekends are for letting loose and getting wild.
It was only a rickety boat on an Albertan lake that he stole, but he did so with a flair for the dramatic.
One night she just decided to smash and burn every Valentine’s decoration in Ormond.
He was heartbroken when his cat died. As a child facing death for the first time, he struggled to understand.
He gave an unsettling look to the dancing crowd at a space music festival.
An outfit that prevents identification from street cameras, it’s loaded with everything needed for a night of mayhem. Design inspired by Amacky .
Perfect for an all-night rave. Or an all-night murder spree.
She helped carry the cleaner’s body to Joey’s car, exhilarated and furious.
There’s no running away from The Legion.
There’s no running away from The Legion.
There’s no running away from The Legion.
There’s no running away from The Legion.
Bullying, vandalism, and theft were their weekly routine.
Bullying, vandalism, and theft were their weekly routine.
The family loaded into the car to go apple picking. Julie sat in her room, hating everyone and everything.
Susie was bullied by a particularly vicious cheerleader at school. It didn’t end well for the cheerleader.
Rugged and confident apparel for throwing back a few and seeing where the violent cravings take you.
Weekends are for letting loose and getting wild.
Time to start preparing for the college application process.
Time to start preparing for the college application process.
He dressed up as his favorite character to attend the GamePlay Expo, a brand-new video game exhibition show.
One night she just decided to smash and burn every Valentine’s decoration in Ormond.
Joey lay in bed, watching the snow fall outside his window. Christmas was in two days, and he was sick of waiting.
Ready to crash a party and add souls to the land of the dead.
Ready to crash a party and add souls to the land of the dead.
A gaping hole spilled the mysterious remains of ancient, lost realms. A grinning mascot outfit trickled down from the pile of items, landing at the feet of The Legion.
There's no need to hide. We have the strength of numbers.
A twisted display of her memories from a school trip to a museum. Designed by Domrebel .
A gaping hole spilled the mysterious remains of ancient, lost realms. A grinning mascot outfit trickled down from the pile of items, landing at the feet of The Legion.
A gaping hole spilled the mysterious remains of ancient, lost realms. A grinning mascot outfit trickled down from the pile of items, landing at the feet of The Legion.
Susie approached the evil lord from behind and rolled to land the killing blow. It was a critical fail; Susie's rogue took damage while Joey's fighter killed the lord with a single hit.
He slammed the door of his bedroom, cursing his newest foster parents, when he heard a strange chittering nearby.
A sinister scratching noise shattered the stifling atmosphere of the realm, and Frank watched as his mask and clothes began to change.
Feeling anxious to fit in the group, Susie skipped school to prove herself, wandering the streets of Chinatown during the Lunar New Year.
He was kicked off the basketball team due to his violent behavior.
Joey’s louder, more urban take on the Legion’s more nondescript style.
She braved the night to create. Even when surrounded in darkness, she shone.
An outfit that prevents identification from street cameras, it’s loaded with everything needed for a night of mayhem. Design inspired by Amacky .
Bored, she broke into several homes.
Susie knew that her first sleepover would also be her last. The way the other kids treated her made her feel like she didn’t fit in.
A gaping hole spilled the mysterious remains of ancient, lost realms. A grinning mascot outfit trickled down from the pile of items, landing at the feet of The Legion.
He invited himself to a costume party to create havoc in the crowd.
Repulsive. The serum has grafted the four specimens into a single creature, three of which are entrapped within the flesh of the host, ineffectually attempting to escape.
Little is known of this Umbrella specialist, aside from his silent demeanor and cold efficiency in combat situations.
The Legion has 2 alternate Character models available in the in-game Store:
For more go to The Legion's Gallery
