--- https://deadbydaylight.wiki.gg/wiki/Onryō ---

Sadako Yamamura (Japanese: 山村 貞子) or "The Onryō" is one of 42 Killers currently featured in Dead by Daylight .
She was introduced as the Killer of CHAPTER 23: Sadako Rising , a Chapter DLC released on 8 March 2022.
She originates from the 1998 Horror movie Ring (Japanese: リング, Ringu ).
The Onryō is a vengeful ghost imbued with the power of Nensha, The Onryō is able to silently and invisibly traverse the Realm, manifesting when she is ready to strike.
Her personal Perks, Scourge Hook: Floods of Rage , Call of Brine , and Merciless Storm , allow her to expose hidden Survivors, survey Generators, and hamper Repair progress.
A powerful and lethal onryō, Sadako Yamamura was the daughter of a famed seer from Izu Oshima, Japan.
Her mother left many questions unanswered. In her hometown, sailors disliked the way her mother would spend days on the beach, her eyes fixed on the foaming waves of the sea. Some said, frolic in brine, goblins be thine--if you keep playing in the water, the monster will come for you.
Nine months later, Sadako was born. As a child, her immense powers seemed impossible to control and flared in anger. This became apparent when she was unable to control her rage during a public demonstration of her mother’s powers. When a journalist called her mother a fraud, Sadako’s powers surged, and the journalist collapsed on the floor, struck dead.
Then everything went wrong. Her mother passed away and shortly after Sadako was lured to an old, crumbling well. As she leaned over the rim, a long shadow fell over her. She turned and a sudden jolt of pain hit her over the head, cracking it open. Her vision dimmed and her mind swirled into unconsciousness. She felt two hands pushing her over the rim.
Pain exploded in her skull as she hit the cold ground. A grinding noise came from above and the well darkened, all light obscured like a midday eclipse.
Every inch of her body screamed in pain. Looking up, she saw the only way out. She dug her nails into the muddy ground and slowly crawled toward the cobbled wall. She gripped the stones to climb but had neither hold nor strength. Each time she clawed up a few inches, her nails slid against the wet wall and she slipped down. Her fingers gushed with blood as the coarse cobblestone tore off her nails and lacerated the flesh underneath. And yet she tried, again and again.
Decades later, the meadow became a resort, and a log cabin was built above the well. When a visitor rented the cabin, Sadako found an opportunity for revenge. She summoned all her nensha power and projected a terrible curse on a videotape that killed its viewer after seven days.
Her wrath was like the tides of a stormy sea, violent and unforgiving. As she plunged into a fury, a dark fog coiled at her feet. The sound of crashing waves echoed through the old stone well.
Suddenly, a tidal surge came crashing down on the cabin's walls, wrecking its logs into a torrent of mud and filth. The black current flooded the well underneath and swallowed Sadako at once.
When she opened her eyes, she stood on a desolate beach facing a vast, stormy ocean. A thick, black fog caressed the water's surface.
Sadako walked into a coming wave and slowly disappeared into the opaque fog.
The Onryō comes with 3 Perks that are unique to her:
After performing the Damage Generator action on a Generator , Call of Brine applies its effects to it for 70 seconds :
Whenever a Generator reaches 90 % of Repair progression, Merciless Storm triggers its effect:
At the start of the Trial, 4 Hooks in the environment are changed into Scourge Hooks :
Each time a Survivor is unhooked from a Scourge Hook , the following effects apply:
Prestiging The Onryō will automatically add Tier I of her Unique Perks to the inventories of all other Killers and unlock the ability for their higher-tiered versions to spawn in their Bloodweb .
Prestige The Onryō twice more to automatically add Tier II and Tier III respectively into the other Killers' inventories.
The Ring of Fury is the Primary Weapon of The Onryō . Her thirst for vengeance remained and nothing could stop her flooding rage.
"Through the medium of a mysterious videotape, Sadako spreads her curse to unwitting viewers and causes their untimely deaths." SPECIAL ABILITY: DELUGE OF FEAR The Onryō starts the Trial in the Demanifested State , which has the following effects:
SPECIAL ABILITY: MANIFESTATION / DEMANIFESTATION Press the Power button while Demanifested to Manifest and be able to attack and interact with Survivors. Press the Power button while Manifested to Demanifest again. SPECIAL PROP: TV TVs spawn randomly throughout the environment. They are turned off at the start of the Trial, but turn on automatically after 30 seconds . They become turned off for 70 seconds after a Survivor inserts a VHS Tape or for 45 seconds after The Onryō projects through it.
TVs have an Area of Effect of 16 metres around them within which they apply Condemned and any other applicable effects. SPECIAL LOCOMOTION: PROJECTION Press the Secondary Power button while Demanifested to project yourself to any powered TV in the environment. If the Power Gauge is full when projecting, all Survivors within the Area of Effect of any powered TV receive +1 Stack of Condemned .
After a Projection , her Movement speed is increased to 6.9 m/s for 2 seconds . SPECIAL AFFLICTION: CONDEMNED Interacting with the Power of The Onryō causes Survivors to gain Condemned , slowly filling their Condemned Meter . Hooking a Survivor locks in some of their Condemned making the affected Stacks impossible to remove:
Once the Condemned Meter is full at 7 Stacks , they are in mortal danger from the Inexorable Stare . SPECIAL INTERACTION: INEXORABLE STARE Upon reaching full Condemned the affected Survivors triggers Killer Instinct for 6 seconds . Press the Secondary Power button while standing over a downed and fully Condemned Survivor to execute them on the spot, performing a Mini-Mori . SPECIAL INTERACTIONS: RETRIEVING TAPE / TURNING OFF TV Survivors can walk up to any powered TV and interact with it to retrieve its Cursed Tape , which temporarily turns it off and prevents The Onryō from projecting to it.
Inserting the Cursed Tape into a different TV spreads the message of The Onryō and removes -3 Stacks of Condemned .
Passive Condemned (unused mechanic):
Unused - Phasing Through Objects: Data for this unused mechanic was added in Patch 7.1.0 , simply titled "Phasing Through Objects" internally. Based on the title, it likely would've allowed The Onryō to phase through gameplay props while Demanifested .
"Why is it only you were saved?" — Sadaoka Yamamura
"Frolic in brine, goblins be thine." — Message hidden in Sakado's Tape
"I saw a weird video the other day... after it ended, someone called us. Some kind of prank call." — Tomoko Oishi
"That video... It's not of this world. It's Sadako's rage." — Ryuji Takayama
"She killed a man just by willing him dead. That's power of a different order from her mother." — Ryuji Takayama
There are 2 Achievements related to The Onryō :
At the start of the Trial, 4 Hooks in the environment are changed into Scourge Hooks :
Each time a Survivor is unhooked from a Scourge Hook , the following effects apply:
After performing the Damage Generator action on a Generator , Call of Brine applies its effects to it for 70 seconds :
Whenever a Generator reaches 90 of Repair progression, Merciless Storm triggers its effect:
Players can choose from a variety of Cosmetic options to customise The Onryō :
Boils spread beneath her rotting skin due to over-injection.
Down in the depths of her prison, Sadako thought she could see bright red flowers growing from the muddy ground.
She dug her nails into the muddy ground and slowly crawled toward the cobbled wall inside the well. She gripped the stones to climb but had no hold or strength.
For more, go to Onryō's Gallery
