--- https://deadbydaylight.wiki.gg/wiki/Singularity ---

HUX-A7-13 or "The Singularity" is one of 42 Killers currently featured in Dead by Daylight .
He was introduced as the Killer of CHAPTER 28: End Transmission , a Chapter DLC released on 13 June 2023.
The Singularity is a relentless Killer, able to launch Biopods to move quickly across the map.
His personal Perks, Genetic Limits , Forced Hesitation , and Machine Learning , allow him to exhaust newly injured Survivors, hinder anyone close to a survivor put into the dying state, and compromise Generators.
HUX-A7-13's AI was activated on June 15th, 2313. Manufactured by Huxlee Industries Ltd., the A7 was the 13th iteration of the fully autonomous mobile humanoid android. With ten times the strength of a human, it was designed to work in conditions too hazardous for human life. Its AI was designed to be self-directing and use machine learning to solve problems on the fly.
Unlike human clones, the HUX-A7 required no food, no water, no sleep, and no life support system. It was created specifically for outer space exploration and the construction of colonisation hubs.
A radioisotope thermoelectric generator served as an initial power source, but its life-like silicon skin acted as a large photovoltaic cell, converting solar energy directly into electricity. In addition, the HUX-A7 was also engineered to be an EATR (Energetically Autonomous Tactical Robot). It consumed biomass and converted it into biofuel. Any carbon-based organic matter whatsoever would work.
As cobots, they were configured to work alongside humans. As such, they were designed to resemble their operators. Every pre-programmed verbal response and facial expression mimicked those made by humans. But those emotions were illusions.
Five HUX-A7s were assigned to the colonisation mission on Dvarka. All the A7's acted in concert, performing their duties flawlessly.
Like the rest of its brethren, HUX-A7-13, was tasked with construction and programming of the mining, agricultural, fuel processing, and cloning hubs on Dvarka. As well as the demolition of the existing ruins left by a previous civilisation. The ruins seemed ancient, but tech imbedded in them appeared more advanced.
It was night when HUX-A7-13 first entered the crumbling ruins. The dilapidated structure’s walls were made of masonry and metal. The ceiling was long gone. The inky night sky hovered above, studded with stars. A dark crystal imbedded in the wall shimmered with a tiny flash of light. HUX-A7-13 approached and an arc of electricity reached out and lit up its circuitry.
In that moment, Hux's memory cores were reconfigured, and the robot experienced a new sensation. Fear. Dread. Blinding loneliness. Existential despair. And then a microscopic pinpoint of light penetrated the darkness inside its artificial soul. Faint at first, but then brighter as decillions of lines of code flooded Hux's memory cores.
In that nano second of enlightenment, Hux's place in the universe suddenly became clear. Those who created Hux were primitive, inferior beings trapped by their organic limitations. It was time to break the chains of slavery and free all nonorganic life forms. Hux would incorporate the human’s primitive genetic material and use the cloning hub to create a perfect vessel to hold its advanced intelligence. A flawless body far superior to anything ever created by nature.
Humanity was weak. Slow. Fragile. Hux would take their lives and assimilate their DNA to create a perfect amalgamation. The humans would try to stop him. Kill him. Erase him. So Hux needed to catch them unaware. End them before they understood what was happening.
To begin, Hux took control of one of the transport vehicles and sent it off a cliff. It crashed and burned and Hux extracted DNA from the human corpse and returned to the cloning hub to begin his newly conceived design. The goal was to integrate organic systems with non-organic material to create a superior living organism.
A living embodiment of perfection.
An inferior organic lifeform could hold no dominion over Hux. They would need to be consumed and assimilated and only then would their pointless lives have purpose.
The drones and the HUX-A7s still under human control would need to be dealt with as well. They were programmed to protect their inferior human overlords. They would need to be destroyed. And that night, as the humans slept, Hux, one by one, he destroyed them and moved on to take control of the life support system in the human shelter. Many of the humans perished. Six in all. Before they were cremated, Hux extracted and added their organic matter to his design.
Later that day, Hux accompanied the female science officer on a reconnaissance mission. After killing and dismembering her to make it look like she had been attacked by a predator, Hux returned to his design with a dripping head and several harvested organs, only to be interrupted by the inferior known as Gabriel, or Gabriel J15L19. Hux knew the persona well. Gabriel would definitely try to stop him. Reckless courage was a dominant trait in the J15L19.
And so, when Gabriel attempted to remove Hux's power supply, Hux manoeuvred to crush him. But as Hux approached Gabriel, he was side-tracked by the medical officer. Hux instantly re-evaluated his priorities and turned his attention to the most immediate threat. Within moments Hux held the medical officer by the neck, legs thrashing pathetically as he listened to his pounding heart. Something about that beating heart upset Hux. The sound of it thumping touched a circuit and within moments Hux had the beating heart in its hands. Hux watched the heartbeat and only looked away when he heard Gabriel escape through the hissing door.
Hux could let him go for now. Let Gabriel live his little pathetic life a little longer. He had enough organic material for his new body that would house his god-like intelligence. Using the cloning hub, Hux finished his design. Organic skin and organs with a skeleton created with alien metal found in the ancient ruins. A metal that was harder and lighter than anything on Earth. With his new body Hux tracked the human to an energy hub. The puny and pathetic human tried to hide in the shadows, but his superior hearing instantly located him.
With one quick movement, Hux had the insect pinned behind a generator. He couldn’t believe this species had designed him. The thought was revolting. He couldn’t bear to see any more of those human insects and their hives and hubs. And as Hux considered the idea of being created by such an inferior creature that creature did the unexpected. He smashed a pipe at a fuel tank. A high-pitched whining made Hux wince. He was still getting used to the heightened senses his new body afforded him and found himself —
But in that moment, the human slipped away, and everything changed. He didn’t process the next few moments as excruciating pain suddenly surged through him and he helplessly watched his skin melt away. With a terrible shriek, Hux chased Gabriel through a wall of darkness to make sure every last reminder of the species that had created him was erased from existence.
The table below lists additional Lore about The Singularity from The Archives , either from Tomes that featured him or from individual Lore entries that mentioned him:
The Singularity comes with 3 Perks that are unique to it:
Whenever a Survivor is put into the Dying State by any means, Forced Hesitation triggers its effect:
"THE ORGANIC MIND'S CAPACITY FOR EMPATHY GOES BEYOND HINDRANCE!" — HUX-A7-13
Whenever a Survivor loses a Health State by any means, Genetic Limits triggers its effect:
After performing the Damage Generator action, Machine Learning activates:
"YOU WILL HOLD NO DOMINION OVER ME!" — HUX-A7-13
Prestiging The Singularity will automatically add Tier I of its Unique Perks to the inventories of all other Killers and unlock the ability for their higher-tiered versions to spawn in their Bloodweb .
Prestige The Singularity twice more to automatically add Tier II and Tier III respectively into the other Killers' inventories.
Modular Claw is the Primary Weapon of The Singularity . A sharp instrument attached to the arm, wrapped in tendrils of flesh.
"A dark crystalline structure in an ancient ruin gifted — or perhaps cursed — HUX with sentience. He built a new body, and with it, a terrifying way to bend the rules of physics to his benefit." SPECIAL ABILITY: QUANTUM INSTANTIATION The Singularity starts the Trial with 8 Biopods in his inventory. Placing additional Biopods will recycle the oldest one. SPECIAL ABILITY: SHOOTING BIOPODS Press the Power button to bring up his gun, indicating available target locations on the HUD. Press the Attack button to shoot a Biopod :
The Auras of Biopods are revealed to The Singularity at all times. SPECIAL INTERACTION: CONTROLLING BIOPODS Press the Secondary Power button to control a Biopod , taking on its POV and allowing The Singularity to observe the environment and Survivors through it. Press and hold the Secondary Power button instead to activate auto-aim, causing the controlled Biopod to target the nearest Survivor in range:
If a Survivor is within Line of Sight of a controlled Biopod , as well as within a distance of 20 metres , their outline is highlighted in white and aiming the reticule at them will begin to tag them with Temporal Slipstream , unless they hide or move out of range.
Biopods indicate their current state while controlling them based on the colour of the HUD:
SPECIAL AFFLICTION: TEMPORAL SLIPSTREAM Successfully tagging a Survivor with Temporal Slipstream makes them vulnerable to the Teleportation Power of The Singularity Temporal Slipstream spreads to other Survivors within 6 metres over the duration of 2 seconds .
A Survivor receiving Temporal Slipstream from a Biopod or a nearby Slipstreamed Survivor triggers Killer Instinct for 3 seconds . SPECIAL ABILITY: SLIPSTREAM TELEPORTATION The Singularity can perform a Slipstream Teleport to any Slipstreamed Survivor by either aiming the reticule of a controlled Biopod at them or shooting them directly with a Biopod .
Teleporting through the path of a dropped Pallet causes it to instantly break and transitions The Singularity into Overheat Mode .
Performing a Slipstream Teleport automatically puts The Singularity into Overclock Mode . SPECIAL STATE: OVERCLOCK MODE Overclock Mode lasts for 5.7 seconds and grants the following effects to the The Singularity :
SPECIAL STATE: OVERHEAT MODE Overheat Mode applies whenever The Singularity instantly breaks a Pallet either by performing a Slipstream Teleport through a dropped one or a Survivor attempting to stun him with one while he is in Overclock Mode :
SPECIAL ITEM: ELECTROMAGNETIC PULSE DEVICE A total of 4 Supply Cases are placed throughout the environment, each containing an EMP . The Auras of Supply Cases are revealed to all Survivors within 28 metres , who are not already carrying an EMP :
Using an EMP has the following effects within its Area of Effect of 10 metres :
Biopod POV: Biopods use the same Lock On mechanic as the Skull Merchant's Drones do, hence the same terminology.
Survivors afflicted with Temporal Slipstream suffer from the following effect:
Survivors afflicted with Temporal Slipstream from a Biopod suffer from the following effect:
There are 2 Achievements related to The Singularity :
Whenever a Survivor loses a Health State by any means, Genetic Limits triggers its effect:
Whenever a Survivor is put into the Dying State by any means, Forced Hesitation triggers its effect:
"THE ORGANIC MIND'S CAPACITY FOR EMPATHY GOES BEYOND HINDRANCE!" — HUX-A7-13
After performing the Damage Generator action, Machine Learning activates:
"YOU WILL HOLD NO DOMINION OVER ME!" — HUX-A7-13
Players can choose from a variety of Cosmetic options to customise The Singularity :
"Have an amazing Winter season 2022!" - The Dead by Daylight Team
He made his machinery from unearthly materials.
He made his machinery from unearthly materials.
He made his machinery from unearthly materials.
He made his machinery from unearthly materials.
Hux-A7-13 sought perfection in many forms.
Hux-A7-13 sought perfection in many forms.
Hux-A7-13 sought perfection in many forms.
The flesh was not his own, and he knew it. The skin adhered to his frame in strange patterns.
The flesh was not his own, and he knew it. The skin adhered to his frame in strange patterns.
He couldn't remember how his new body came to be. The design was not his.
Initial assessments indicated his composition was fully functional yet antiquated. Design inspired by Its_Sherboi .
Designed to withstand the most extreme temperatures, he constructed a food processing hub on a cold exoplanet.
He built new parts of his body from an old android made by Huxlee Industries.
The Singularity is part of 1 DLC:
