--- https://deadbydaylight.wiki.gg/wiki/Skull_Merchant ---

Adriana Imai or "The Skull Merchant" is one of 42 Killers currently featured in Dead by Daylight .
She was introduced as the Killer of CHAPTER 27: Tools of Torment , a Chapter DLC released on 7 March 2023 and retired on 14 May 2024.
She is still available in the In-Game Store and as part of the Endless Hunt Pack Chapter Pack DLC.
The Skull Merchant is a tactical Killer, able to place Drones that detect and debilitate her targets.
Her personal Perks, THWACK! , Leverage , and Game Afoot , allow her to gain Haste from pursuing her Obsession , force screams from Survivors when breaking Breakable Walls or Pallets, and reduce Survivors' Healing speed the more times you place them on Hooks.
The self-made millionaire Adriana Imai came from a humble home in Fortaleza, Brazil. Her father, Seita, moved to Brazil as a young man, hoping to see a side of the world completely different than his hometown in Hokkaido. A talented illustrator, he spent his spare time designing colourful characters and worlds.
While sketching patrons of a local jazz club, he was approached by Belinda, the owner, to work on a logo. What began as a business partnership soon became a romantic one, and within a couple of years, Adriana was born.
Adriana excelled in all facets of education. A house full of art and music honed a brilliant mind, and her intelligence was only exceeded by her obsessive drive to be the best. While scoring at the top of every class, she was often on the receiving end of disciplinary action due to her overly competitive, and sometimes violent, nature during schoolyard games.
Adriana’s mother did her best to keep her on the right track, but her father was increasingly absent as his own obsessive drive ramped up: Adi Valente , a manga about a young girl who saves and protects the weak with her quirky robot companion. Despite working long hours at a canning facility and writing his manga in his spare time, he somehow managed a little time every night to share his wild and highly imaginative illustrations with his daughter.
By middle school, Adriana was courted by a fancy private school due to her high performance, and, needing money, Seita spoke to publishers about his unpublished manuscripts. He managed to find a small local publisher to carry Adi Valente , but it meant more work than he could handle. He eventually lost his job at the cannery, giving him more time to develop and illustrate his series.
Adriana loved the manga, but the family was forced into hard times.
In her final semester, Seita requested higher royalties, but the publishing company went into administration and decided to cut the series. No longer able to afford the school fees, Adriana was pulled out of the elite academy where she was at the top of her class. Belinda was able to negotiate her graduation, but another student was able to take her place at the head of the class. Adriana was furious. On summer break, she learned everything about her rival: where he lived, where he hung out, what he liked to do in his spare time, what he listened to, what he watched, everything. She even stalked him on his way home one late summer evening and considered the myriad ways she could ruin his life. But, in the end, she did nothing, though something awakened within her and she felt like the anti-hero in a new story her father had been exploring.
Seita retreated further into himself and began producing this newer, darker manga, inspired by his visions and nightmares. A manga about a woman who hunts and guts the weak in a nightmarish realm with drones made of salvaged skulls and bones. But unable to sell this manga, Sonhadores Sombrios , the family became solely reliant on Belinda’s income.
Adriana, looking for ways to make her own money, started a website dedicated to the world of Brazilian manga. It became a runaway success and significant advertising dollars started to roll in. She realized she had no real interest in writing for it, though, so she convinced other kids to write for it for free while the money flooded in. The second she got an offer she sold the site and never looked back.
Proud of her accomplishment, she came home to show her parents the cheque. She never got a chance to show her father, though. He walked out the door that morning, never to return, leaving only a stack of unpublished manuscripts about The Skull Merchant mercilessly hunting those she deemed worthy of her efforts.
To help her mother, Adriana began to study at the library, teaching herself investment and economics, and soon tripled her money. By the age of 18, barely with a high school degree, she had already become a self-made millionaire. As stories of this investment wunderkind spread across Brazil, more and more doors opened for her.
Before long, she had the kind of money that allowed her to buy small companies—companies that she would gut, replace with non-union workers, and sell at a profit. The only breaks she took from her corporate obsession was to pore over her father’s manuscripts, trying to understand this chilling world he had created.
By her mid 20s, she was regularly flipping companies. While finalising on a real estate firm, two members of the board moved to block the sale, pointing to the trail of hollowed-out husks she left in her wake. Adriana was frustrated. It took her weeks to find out who the holdouts were, but once she did, she thought about how it would feel to hurt them.
She learned everything about the directors. Stalked their every move. Manipulated them into attending a conference in Switzerland. And, while on retreat in the Alps, she made her move. Inspired by The Skull Merchant, and feeling something within demanding expression, she tracked them with a prototype drone, and brutally dismembered them with a cruel two-bladed weapon. The rush of emotion and adrenaline was unlike anything she had ever experienced before. And the company was hers!
Thus began an unsettling cycle. Swoop in on a business, destroy anyone standing in her way, and gut the company for maximum profit. She targeted companies with larger-than-life CEOs and hoped one would present a challenge. None ever did. They just ‘disappeared’ unremarkably.
An aggressive manager of a fireworks company, known for his “survival tours,” was her last target, right at home in Brazil.
Survival tours… a perfect cover.
Adriana lured him to a decommissioned airship hangar.
The hunt started at dawn and went the distance, with her still tracking him well into the evening. Locating him, she used one of her drones to direct him to a dead end, when a pair of kites suddenly appeared on camera, and the feed died. Her face hardened. Her eyes widened in disbelief as she slammed her laptop shut and charged to where the drone had crashed. There she found her prey reaching out to someone in the growing dark for help.
Without a second to lose, she plunged her blade through his stomach, exposing meat, bone, and a dying heart. The vitiated body staggered left and right, sending a shower of red over the green foliage. As her victim collapsed with a thud she turned to the young witnesses. Wrong place, wrong time. They broke into a sprint. She gave chase, her blades thirsting for more blood. The lush green of the trees melted into a thick black fog. Real life warped into something like Sonhadores Sombrios . A sick grin crept across her face as she rushed forward to begin a new chapter in her life.
The table below lists additional Lore about The Skull Merchant from The Archives , either from Tomes that featured her or from individual Lore entries that mentioned her:
The Skull Merchant comes with 3 Perks that are unique to her:
Whenever you hit the Survivor with currently the highest cumulative Chase time with a Basic Attack , Game Afoot triggers its primary effect:
"This one might actually be a challenge..." — Sonhadores Sombrios, Issue #3
Whenever a Survivor performs an Unhook action, they suffer from the following effect for 60 seconds :
Start the Trial with 3 Tokens . Whenever you break a Breakable Wall or a dropped Pallet , THWACK! consumes -1 Token and applies the following effect:
"All those who stood in her path feared her mighty THWACK!" — Sonhadores Sombrios, Issue #3
Prestiging The Skull Merchant will automatically add Tier I of her Unique Perks to the inventories of all other Killers and unlock the ability for their higher-tiered versions to spawn in their Bloodweb .
Prestige The Skull Merchant twice more to automatically add Tier II and Tier III respectively into the other Killers' inventories.
Razor-Sharp Dual Blades are the Primary Weapon of The Skull Merchant . A cruel pair of blades, designed for ripping through human flesh.
"Inspired by the dark manga created by her father, The Skull Merchant relentlessly hunts her prey using the latest in surveillance technology." SPECIAL ABILITY: EYES IN THE SKY The Skull Merchant starts the Trial with 6 Drones in her inventory.
When a Survivor is tracked by a Drone within 5 seconds of it being deployed or having its rotation direction changed, The Skull Merchant is granted a +5 % Haste Status Effect for 8 seconds . This effect is entirely passive and does not require her to inspect her Radar . SPECIAL INTERACTION: INSPECTING RADAR Press the Secondary Power button to bring up her Radar . The Radar displays the location of all Trackable Survivors and reveals the Auras of Drone Scan Lines within 32 metres :
The Radar represents Trackable Survivors with symbols that indicate their relative elevation compared to The Skull Merchant :
SPECIAL INTERACTION: RECALLING DRONES While inspecting the Radar and aiming at a specific Drone , press the Power button to recall it into your inventory. SPECIAL INTERACTION: CHANGING ROTATIONAL DIRECTION While inspecting the Radar and aiming at a specific Drone , press the Attack button to change the Rotational direction of its Scan Lines . SPECIAL ABILITY: DEPLOYING DRONES Press the Power button to deploy a Drone :
Once a Survivor is detected inside the Area of Effect :
This effects repeats each time a Survivor is detected, unless the detection occurs within 2.5 seconds of the previous one. All Drones have an Area of Effect with a radius of 10 metres . Drone Scan Lines are only visible within 16 metres . Survivors who are crouching, standing still or performing a Fast Vault inside the Area of Effect cannot be detected by the Scan Lines . SPECIAL AFFLICTION: LOCK ON Once the Lock-On Meter is full at 3 Stacks , the Survivor becomes Locked On and suffers from the following effects:
If a Survivor stands below an elevated Drone for longer than 1 second , they are instantly scanned and become Locked On . SPECIAL INTERACTION: HACKING DRONES Survivors can approach a Drone in either of its two states and hack it through a unique mini-game:
SPECIAL AFFLICTION: CLAW TRAP The Claw Trap attached to a Survivor's arm has a Battery life of 45 seconds and continuously broadcasts their location to the Radar of The Skull Merchant until it runs out, automatically destroying it.
Claw-Trapped Survivors who are scanned by a Drone suffer from the following effects:
Drone Beam Colours: The colour of the Beams emitted by Drones show a Survivor whether the Drone can currently detect them upon contact or not:
Radar VFX Indicators: The physical model of the Radar features two lights which provide The Skull Merchant with additional information:
Whenever any Drone enters its Disabled State , you benefit from the following effects:
There are 2 Achievements related to The Skull Merchant :
Start the Trial with 3 Tokens . Whenever you break a Breakable Wall or a dropped Pallet , THWACK! consumes -1 Token and applies the following effect:
"All those who stood in her path feared her mighty THWACK!" — Sonhadores Sombrios, Issue #3
Whenever a Survivor performs an Unhook action, they suffer from the following effect for 60 seconds :
Whenever you hit the Survivor with currently the highest cumulative Chase time with a Basic Attack , Game Afoot triggers its primary effect:
"This one might actually be a challenge..." — Sonhadores Sombrios, Issue #3
Players can choose from a variety of Cosmetic options to customise The Skull Merchant :
"Have an amazing Winter season 2022!" - The Dead by Daylight Team
When a modern art museum was opened in Fortaleza, she made a rare public appearance.
She dressed to blend in with the scene of her next assassination: the lake adjoining the executive's property.
One of her favorite outfits from her father's early concepts.
One of her favorite outfits she created under the influence of her father's manga.
Her access to vast wealth meant she could have anything. What she wanted was to kill.
Her access to vast wealth meant she could have anything. What she wanted was to kill.
Her access to vast wealth meant she could have anything. What she wanted was to kill.
Her access to vast wealth meant she could have anything. What she wanted was to kill.
She saw the manga written by her father not as a warning but as a blueprint for what she wanted to become.
She saw the manga written by her father not as a warning but as a blueprint for what she wanted to become.
She saw the manga written by her father not as a warning but as a blueprint for what she wanted to become.
Blood ran through the streets of Neo De Janeiro, most of it spilled by her.
When a modern art museum was opened in Fortaleza, she made a rare public appearance.
A new outfit to terrorize her victims.
She tailed the right-hand man of a prominent CEO in the vibrant chaos of the Lunar New Year celebration.
An outfit inspired by an issue of Sonhadores Sombrios set during the Fire Moon festival.
When her father rebooted his manga, she emerged as a darker, crueler hero in a living nightmare.
She wasted no time once her jet touched down in Seoul. This trip was purely for business.
One of her favorite outfits from her father's early concepts.
She searched for the perfect adversary to hunt.
She watched her target flee the city, driving headlong into the scorched desert outside the crumbling city.
The Skull Merchant is part of 2 DLCs:
EYES IN THE SKY The Skull Merchant starts the Trial with 4 Drones .
For each Survivor trackable by her Radar , The Skull Merchant is granted a growing Haste Status Effect :
This effect is entirely passive and does not require The Skull Merchant to inspect her Radar .
SPECIAL ABILITY: DEPLOY DRONE Press the Power button to deploy a Drone .
Active Mode : The deployed Drone automatically enters Active Mode after a short boot-up sequence.
In Active Mode , the Drone creates a circular Detection Zone around it and Players inside the Detection Zone experience the following effects:
If no Survivor is detected within the Detection Zone for a while, the Drone switches into Scouting Mode .
Scouting Mode : In Scouting Mode , the Drone carries out a sweeping scan of its surroundings by emitting two Laser beams. A Survivor crossing the Laser beam or just entering its Area of Effect while having a Claw Trap attached to them immediately causes the Drone to switch back into Active Mode .
Survivors can walk up to a Drone while avoiding the Laser beams to attempt Hacking it without being detected.
SPECIAL EFFECT: LOCK ON While a Survivor is within the Detection Zone of a Drone in Active Mode , the Lock On effect builds over the next 10 seconds , after which a Survivor is fully Locked On and experiences the following effects:
A Survivor's Lock On progress is visible to The Skull Merchant .
SPECIAL INTERACTION: INSPECTING RADAR Press and hold the Active Ability button to bring up a Radar . While inspecting the Radar , Survivors who are within the Detection Zone of a Drone or those who carry a Claw Trap will have their position revealed to you on the Radar and are represented as one of three symbols depending on their elevation:
SPECIAL INTERACTION: RECALLING DRONES While inspecting the Radar , aim at any Drone and press the Interaction button to recall it into your inventory.
SPECIAL INTERACTION: MANUALLY ACTIVATING DRONES While inspecting the Radar , aim at any Drone in Scouting Mode and press the Attack button to manually activate it, causing it to switch back into Active Mode .
SPECIAL INTERACTION: HACKING DRONES When approaching a Drone , a Survivor can attempt to hack the Drone and disable it. Hacking a Drone prompts a unique Quick Time Event for the Survivor:
SPECIAL TRAP: CLAW TRAP The Claw Trap continuously broadcasts its Survivor's position to the Radar . The Claw Trap has a Battery Life of 45 seconds , after which it is automatically destroyed.
Walking into the Area of Effect of any Drone while wearing a Claw Trap will cause the Drone to enter an unhackable state. If a Drone happens to be in Scouting Mode , it will also immediately switch into Active Mode .
Vaulting a Pallet while wearing a Claw Trap will cause that Pallet to break, destroying the Claw Trap in the process.
:This section only lists the differences to the current Power Trivia. HUD:
