--- https://deadbydaylight.wiki.gg/wiki/Spirit ---

Rin Yamaoka (Japanese: 山岡 凜) or "The Spirit" is one of 42 Killers currently featured in Dead by Daylight .
She was introduced as the Killer of CHAPTER 9: Shattered Bloodline , a Chapter DLC released on 18 September 2018 and retired on 8 January 2024.
She is still available in the In-Game Store and as part of the Maddening Darkness Pack Chapter Pack DLC.
The Spirit is a phase-walking Killer, able to catch Survivors off-guard with her traversal Power, Yamaoka's Haunting . Her Power allows her to teleport from one place to another without being seen.
Her personal Perks, Spirit Fury , Hex: Haunted Ground , and Rancor , give her tools to observe and bait Survivors, and deal with obstacles directly in her path.
She inherited incredible fury from her ancestors. The wrath that flows through her veins is her legacy. The terrible pain she suffered set it off. Swift and lethal, The Spirit exacts her revenge endlessly.
Rin was the only child of the Yamaoka family. She was raised in the dusty halls of a traditional house in Kagawa. She studied Education at Takamatsu, a private university, which weighed heavily on her family's shaky finances. Her mother got ill that year and the bills started piling up. Rin worked part-time in a futile attempt to help lighten the load.
Her father faced a debt that grew without end. He started working double-shifts in hopes of obtaining a promotion. That's when he started losing sleep. A dark whisper would keep him awake all night, reminding him of his hopeless situation. Exhausted, he started to lose grasp of reality. Fighting to deny what the voice whispered at night, Rin's father made a desperate move. He met with his superior and explained his situation. He begged for a bonus, an advance, time-off---anything.
His request was denied. The company had launched a defective production line that was costing them dearly. Someone had to be held accountable and Rin's father fitted the bill perfectly. He was fired after twenty-two years of service.
That evening, Rin came home from work. She'd stayed late to entertain customers that lingered at the restaurant. As she parked her bike in the shed, she heard her mother's scream come from the house.
She rushed in, climbing up the stairs to her parents' room. There she found bits and pieces of her mother on the floor. Her limbs were clean-cut, tangled up in an unnatural position. Her breasts were sliced up, revealing her rib cage, which was cracked open. Rin gagged.
A sharp Katana came crashing down. Rin blocked the blade, which bit into her bare forearm. The shock of recognition interrupted her pain: her father was wielding the Katana with a stoic expression. She cried out to make him stop, but he slashed her arm again.
She rushed off and slid on the blood-smeared floor. Using the door frame as support, she raised herself up. The Katana ripped through the wall, cleaving her other arm. She screamed in pain as she limped into the hallway, only to be met by her father's blade.
She stepped back, trembling, as she held together the soft loose flesh of her abdomen. Images of her mother's tangled limbs flashed before her eyes.
Rin charged at her father, making him stumble back. He punched her torn abdomen and she recoiled in pain. As she struggled to get back up, he slashed her thigh, making her collapse on the floor.
As she crawled towards the stairs, he grabbed her hair and yanked her against a partition. The glass shattered on impact and she fell through, landing one floor down.
She heard footsteps somewhere above her. With effort, she moved, worming her way into a sea of broken glass. The shards gnawed at her, ripping her flesh. He had to be stopped. He would not get away with what he'd done to her--with what he'd done to her mother.
Coughing up blood, her chin grazed the glass, adding to the bleeding. A low-pitched heartbeat started to ring in her ears. Her body felt so heavy she could no longer move.
The ground shook with her father's footsteps. She knew she was not going to make it, but she no longer cared. She would make him pay, in this life or the next.
A dark Fog slowly veiled her eyes, but it could not subdue her rage. She would not rest--not yet. The darkness whispered, promising blood and revenge.
An oath was made and Rin closed her eyes.
The table below lists additional Lore about The Spirit from The Archives , either from Tomes that featured her or from individual Lore entries that mentioned her:
Yamaoka's Haunting comes with 3 Perks that are unique to her:
Hex: Haunted Ground extinguishes the second Hex Totem after tripping its trap. Hex: Haunted Ground is disabled for the remainder of the Trial after triggering its effect.
Once the Exit Gates are powered, Rancor additionally triggers its secondary effects on the Obsession :
You can only be obsessed with one Survivor at a time.
After manually breaking a total of 4 / 3 / 2 dropped Pallets by any means, Spirit Fury activates:
Prestiging The Spirit will automatically add Tier I of her Unique Perks to the inventories of all other Killers and unlock the ability for their higher-tiered versions to spawn in their Bloodweb .
Prestige The Spirit twice more to automatically add Tier II and Tier III respectively into the other Killers' inventories.
The Shattered Katana is the Primary Weapon of The Spirit . A single-edged straight sword handed down from generation to generation. The blade shattered after spilling the blood of her kin.
"Yamaoka is the name she carries from her ancestors, who unleashed hell on the battlefield. The Spirit draws her power from their wrath, haunting the living as retribution for her suffering. The Spirit can use Yamaoka's Haunting to enter the Ethereal Plane and re-appear at a new location." SPECIAL ABILITY: YAMAOKA'S HAUNTING Press and hold the Power button to charge Yamaoka's Haunting and initiate a Phase-Walk for up to 5 seconds :
Yamaoka's Haunting has a cool-down of 15 seconds . SPECIAL LOCOMOTION: PHASE-WALK During a Phase-Walk , The Spirit experiences the following effects:
The Spirit retains her speed boost for 1 second after ending a Phase-Walk . SPECIAL ABILITY: PASSIVE-PHASING The Spirit is constantly phasing in and out of view for Survivors whenever she is not currently in a Phase-Walk .
Husk: Perks tracking The Spirit are unable to track her ethereal form and will only track or reveal the Husk instead.
Miscellaneous: The Spirit is able to hear all sounds Survivors make while she is Phase-Walking and can see them interacting with the environment (e.g. moving grass-blades) and use that to track them. She can also see the location of Loud Noise Notifications .
Used exclusively in 2v8 Trials, the Innate Skill modifies Yamaoka's Haunting with the following effects:
There are 2 Achievements related to The Spirit :
After manually breaking a total of 4 / 3 / 2 dropped Pallets by any means, Spirit Fury activates:
Hex: Haunted Ground extinguishes the second Hex Totem after tripping its trap. Hex: Haunted Ground is disabled for the remainder of the Trial after triggering its effect.
Once the Exit Gates are powered, Rancor additionally triggers its secondary effects on the Obsession :
Players can choose from a variety of Cosmetic options to customise The Spirit :
"Have a Wonderful Winter 2018-2019!" - The Dead by Daylight Team
"Thank you for supporting & inspiring us along the years!" - The Dead by Daylight Team
Does the gentle hue reveal humanity beneath her rancor, or is it simply a reminder of what has been lost?
An opulent suit of ancient armor, lost for generations until it mysteriously reappeared one day.
Rin lost everything, and in her last moments she swore revenge on her murderous father.
Rin lost everything, and in her last moments she swore revenge on her murderous father.
Rin lost everything, and in her last moments she swore revenge on her murderous father.
The armor fit perfectly. It felt like it was made for her. Yet... something made her feel uneasy.
Every dream was the same. Her father, thirsty for blood. And a snake that saves her at the last moment.
The nightmares were relentless. Death lit up her father's eyes, and only the snake could save her.
Rin lost everything, and in her last moments she swore revenge on her murderous father.
Darkness runs in the family. Go home, if you dare.
Darkness runs in the family. Go home, if you dare.
Darkness runs in the family. Go home, if you dare.
Darkness runs in the family. Go home, if you dare.
Darkness runs in the family. Go home, if you dare.
Gasping for air and only getting water. But your vengeance awaits. Your focus shifts: surviving is inevitable and so is your retaliation.
The night whispers in your ears as you feel claws grazing your skin. Bear the markings of evil.
Embody the tale of superhuman strength and bravery.
A uniform dating from when her mother was healthy and her father employed. These days are long gone.
Does the gentle hue reveal humanity beneath her rancor, or is it simply a reminder of what has been lost?
A uniform dating from when her mother was healthy and her father employed. These days are long gone.
A uniform dating from when her mother was healthy and her father employed. These days are long gone.
Originating from an island surrounded by the sea, she grew up by the water, fascinated by the haunting myths of the human-fish.
Fused in The Fog with the myths and stories of Survivors past, Rin took on the appearance of the Greek goddess of night.
Sakura blossoms swaying in the cold night wind was a distant memory tainted with blood.
She emerged from captivity when the serum sparked her ancestral rage, making her blood boil with fury.
Once the height of luxury and elegance, now a testament to years of woe.
When the moon hangs low, the haunting begins.
As long she could lay in the shadows, she wouldn’t say no to a day at the beach.
Her gaze was fixated on her father's sword as it grew hotter in the fire while everything else froze in time.
Since defeating her opponent in a sparring match, it had been bubbling up inside her. She couldn't shove it back down. Confidence? Strength? Yes, but something more.
A traditional outfit that combined ancestral patterns with modern designs.
She rushed home after a long shift at the restaurant. Lanterns hung from the windows of each house she passed.
She arranged her pillows and settled in to read her book. The summer sun beamed through the window, and she tried to ignore the sweat on her brow.
During the Darkening, glacial winds blew from the Lost Realms, spreading an everlasting frost of penetrating ice clusters.
The armor fit perfectly. It felt like it was made for her. Yet... something made her feel uneasy.
She started to split, a new face growing next to hers, when the fog engulfed her.
Every dream was the same. Her father, thirsty for blood. And a snake that saves her at the last moment.
A monstrous and calculating creature from a lost realm.
The Spirit had 2 alternate Character models available in the in-game Store:
Up to Patch 6.7.0 , The Spirit's Husk was vulnerable to bright lights:
