--- https://deadbydaylight.wiki.gg/wiki/Trapper ---

Evan MacMillan or "The Trapper" is one of 42 Killers currently featured in Dead by Daylight .
He was introduced as a member of the original Killer Trio that released with the Game on 14 June 2016.
The Trapper is an area-control Killer, able to apply pressure across the Map by placing deadly Bear Traps for Survivors to step into.
His personal Perks, Unnerving Presence , Brutal Strength , and Agitation , allow him to chase and carry Survivors more effectively.
He is focused on physical attributes and making use of his strength and the Survivors' fear.
Evan MacMillan idolised his father. It wasn't just that he was heir to a great fortune, it was the way he ran the estate. Raised under his firm hand, Evan had taken to running the workforce with an iron hand. Production was always high and the MacMillan Estate prospered under father and son.
As Archie MacMillan's mental health slowly disintegrated, Evan protected him from the herd who wanted a piece of the fortune. No matter what his father asked of him, Evan would do.
When Archie MacMillan finally snapped, Evan became his enforcer in what would become known as the worst mass murder in modern history. They never proved that Evan lead over a hundred men into those dark tunnels before detonating the explosives and sealing them to their fate. The tale of the MacMillan Estate is a tale of wealth and power gone very wrong.
How many victims fell to the hands of father and son is unknown. No record is ever made of what became of Evan MacMillan. His father is another unsolved puzzle, found trapped in the locked basement of his own warehouse - starved and abandoned.
The table below lists additional Lore about The Trapper from The Archives , either from Tomes that featured him or from individual Lore entries that mentioned him:
The Trapper comes with 3 Perks that are unique to him:
While carrying a Survivor, Agitation activates:
While performing the Break or Damage action on Breakable Walls , Pallets , or Generators , Brutal Strength triggers its effect:
While inside your Terror Radius , Survivors performing Repairing or Healing actions suffer from the following effects:
Prestiging The Trapper will automatically add Tier I of his Unique Perks to the inventories of all other Killers and unlock the ability for their higher-tiered versions to spawn in their Bloodweb .
Prestige The Trapper twice more to automatically add Tier II and Tier III respectively into the other Killers' inventories.
The Cleaver is the Primary Weapon of The Trapper . A brutal cleaver, hammered by his own hands from the metals of the mine.
"A large foothold trap made of steel. Bear Traps are found lying around throughout the Trial Grounds, waiting to be picked up and set anywhere." SPECIAL TRAP: BEAR TRAP The Trapper starts the Trial with 2 Bear Traps equipped. Additionally, 8 Disarmed Bear Traps spawn in random locations throughout the environment.
The Auras of Bear Traps are revealed to The Trapper at all times. SPECIAL INTERACTION: COLLECTING TRAPS Press the Interaction button while standing near or above a Bear Trap to retrieve and collect it. The Trapper may carry up to 2 Bear Traps at a time. SPECIAL INTERACTION: SETTING TRAPS Press and hold the Power button to set and arm a carried Bear Trap :
SPECIAL INTERACTION: RESETTING TRAPS Press and hold the Power button while standing above a Disarmed Bear Trap to reset and arm it. SPECIAL INTERACTION: CATCHING SURVIVORS Press the Interaction button while standing near a Trapped Survivor to lift them out of the Bear Trap and onto The Trapper's shoulder, immediately allowing him to carry them.
Colouring: Bear Trap can be darkened by using the Tar Bottle Add-on, which makes them more difficult to spot for Survivors and more viable to place them in open spaces with few grass patches.
Modifies the Bear Traps with the following effect:
"Like a predatory beast, it can smell and track blood."
The razor-sharp blades inflict deep wounds aimed at bleeding the victim as fast as possible.
Used exclusively in 2v8 Trials, the Innate Skill modifies the Bear Trap with the following effects:
There are 2 Achievements related to The Trapper :
While inside your Terror Radius , Survivors performing Repairing or Healing actions suffer from the following effects:
While performing the Break or Damage action on Breakable Walls , Pallets , or Generators , Brutal Strength triggers its effect:
While carrying a Survivor, Agitation activates:
Players can choose from a variety of Cosmetic options to customise The Trapper :
"Have a fabulous Halloween 2016!" -The Dead by Daylight Team
"Have a Wonderful Winter 2017-2018!" - The Dead by Daylight Team
"Thank you for supporting & inspiring us along the years!" - The Dead by Daylight Team
The union boys moved their meetings deep into the forest, but Evan was prepared to track his prey.
The harsh winter froze his hands but failed to cool his lust for blood.
A fun way to hack up your victims on Halloween. They’ll surely appreciate the effort.
He waited for his prey to spring his trap in the cool evening.
Once the rubble had settled, he returned to the collapsed tunnel and waited until morning.
As a child, he remembered seeing a scary fighter in a newspaper ad. When he woke up in a trial, he bore in this remnant from a lost realm.
The wind whistled above him. His goal was the same as it ever was. He was ready for action.
Step up and see the incredible feats performed by this savage beast! But don't get too close! He bites!
While exploring the mine's underground he uncovered his true nature. Like father, like son.
As a boy, he would watch his father rub shoulders with other rich industrialists. Nothing about their parties felt right to him.
As Evan walked around the estate, he made sure to double-check all the traps. He had set them up properly, just as his dad asked him to do.
Maintain the flooding and keep your graveyard submerged in wetland water.
Maintain the flooding and keep your graveyard submerged in wetland water.
The union boys moved their meetings deep into the forest, but Evan was prepared to track his prey.
An outfit made specifically for heavy-duty manual labor and murder.
Harvest the souls of the unworthy.
The road to hell is paved with bear traps and good intentions.
The road to hell is paved with bear traps and good intentions.
A fun way to hack up your victims on Halloween. They’ll surely appreciate the effort.
As he set down a trap, something told him this time would be different.
The road to hell is paved with bear traps and good intentions.
Evan saw the little piggy putting books in his locker at the end of the hallway. He wondered how much money that boy had on him today.
When he awoke, something like pain shot through his entire body. But the pain was a source of power that excited him.
He always wanted to play in the park with the other kids but never had the chance.
As a teen he would venture underground and forge his way through his father's mines to set make-shift traps for unsuspecting employees.
Evan locked himself in his room and grabbed his sketchbook. He knew he'd be in trouble if his father found out, but he had to escape, even for a few minutes.
Treasure lies deep within the mountain, for those brave enough to venture into the darkness.
A cruel specimen injected with metalloids congealed at high temperatures.
While exploring the mine's underground he uncovered his true nature. Like father, like son.
The real reason you'll never go in the water again.
Step up and see the incredible feats performed by this savage beast! But don't get too close! He bites!
As a boy, he would watch his father rub shoulders with other rich industrialists. Nothing about their parties felt right to him.
As the white smoke gave way to a darkened fog, a titanic cry echoed through the lost realm.
As the white smoke gave way to a darkened fog, a titanic cry echoed through the lost realm.
As the white smoke gave way to a darkened fog, a titanic cry echoed through the lost realm.
A holiday monstrosity that punishes all the naughty boys and girls. Every Survivor that has dropped pallets and blinded Killers better watch out.
A dark fog enveloped him while life's narrative echoed in his mind, fueling his deep-seated disdain for all others.
The Trapper has 3 alternate Character models available in the in-game Store:
For more go to The Trapper's Gallery
