--- https://deadbydaylight.wiki.gg/wiki/Trickster ---

Hak Ji-woon (Korean: 학지운) or "The Trickster" is one of 42 Killers currently featured in Dead by Daylight .
He was introduced as the Killer of CHAPTER 19: All-Kill , a Chapter DLC released on 30 March of 2021 and retired on 8 January 2024.
He is still available in the In-Game Store and as part of the Macabre Tales Pack Chapter Pack DLC.
The Trickster is a ranged Killer, able to quickly unleash a flurry of blades by using his power, Showstopper .
His personal Perks, Starstruck , Hex: Crowd Control , and No Way Out , allow him to quickly down would-be rescuers and block areas of the environment to his advantage.
Hak Ji-woon thrived under the attention of others, energized by every eye that watched him and every tongue that spoke his name. Amidst the prestige, he had only one desire: more. Even as a child he found ways to draw crowds. Working at his family's restaurant, he attracted business with spectacles he performed using throwing knives. Gullible tourists believed this was a traditional South Korean experience, gladly parting with their money to witness it. Ji-woon's father spent the restaurant's earnings on dancing and vocal lessons for his son, pushing him to attain the fame he never could.
Ji-woon did not disappoint. After years showcasing his abilities to nobodies at talent shows, he hit the track to stardom. Yun-Jin Lee, a producer at Mightee One Entertainment, recruited Ji-woon into her training program. He transferred to a dormitory in Seoul where, for fourteen hours a day, he was crafted into a star, taught how to move and sing, how to carry himself with the right balance of confidence and modesty.
Draining as the process was, it worked. Yun-Jin selected Ji-woon to join the band NO SPIN, bringing a raw energy to their tracks. Fame was almost immediate. Ji-woon lived in a daze of interviews and adoration, and though the frenzied schedule exhausted his bandmates, he was invigorated. Each day was an affirmation that he was greater than the mediocrity society spewed out.
But over time, the champagne grew stale. When he looked at his fans, he saw their joy and envy split five ways, thinned out between each band member. The validation that had surged through him left a desperate yearning for more.
Ji-woon kept up impressions, mimicking a charm long buried under loathing. He recorded the latest NO SPIN album with his bandmates, never missing a beat. After a lengthy lunch break, he returned to the studio to discover fate had granted him a gift. The scent of burning wires was unmistakable. He rushed to the control room, finding the door blocked by fallen speakers. On the other side, his bandmates pounded on the door, their cries accompanied by the crackling of flames.
Ji-woon called to them, dashing to the speakers, grabbing one and—stopping. He froze. Each breath was a conscious, deliberate process requiring all his attention, the nearby cries hardly audible until, slowly, he backed away. And then he heard it. They were screaming his name as they burnt. Screaming for him to save them. Ji-woon! Ji-woon! Hak Ji-woon! It was the most beautiful thing he'd ever heard. When the fire crew arrived, his tears were genuine.
Ji-woon was celebrated as a tragic figure, a hero who did all he could in a futile attempt to save his friends. Yun-Jin paraded him through interviews until it was time to rebrand. He was reborn as The Trickster, a solo artist who produced his own songs, sporting a soft heart beneath a wild exterior. But, away from concert set-ups and television stages, something darker grew.
He targeted those who lived alone, coming to them in the night. The first was a college music student with a captivating voice. Ji-woon woke him with a baseball bat to the skull, binding his arms and legs, gagging him with a rag duct taped into his mouth. He tortured him for hours, dissecting him alive. Yet there was something missing—a sound, a connection. He wanted to hear the victim's wonderous voice pleading as he cut his belly open, but all he received was muffled cries through a rag.
Victims had to be abducted, driven to an abandoned building where he could let their voices carry unrestrained emotion. He made music from them, prodding in the right places to evoke different types of shrieks and howls. Stabbing the quadratus lumborum elicited a long, guttural wail, while slashing the carotid artery created a sound like a cat being strangled. There was honesty in their suffering. Ji-woon recorded each session, synthesizing and working them into his songs, hiding them behind layers of melodies.
He was elated with his work. He left hints for police, arranging a mink boa from a recent photoshoot around a victim's slashed throat. For his next killing, he removed the teeth from a man that a boxer in one of his music videos was without. During a particularly audacious plea for attention, he killed a fan he had met during a VIP meet-up, replacing her eyes with his diamond cufflinks and writing I HAVE SEEN GOD in blood across her chest. Each scene was a dazzling spectacle.
Between music and murder, Ji-woon's work was discussed globally. However, as violence became his preferred art style, his music career took a hit. Revenue was down and Mightee One executives pointed their fingers at him. Yun-Jin, with professional fury, came to his defence, but she was outnumbered. It was decided that Ji-woon could no longer self-produce his songs.
The decision was devastating. His tracks fused genuine humanity into music, yet executives rejected anything that wasn't generic and expected. And so be it. If they couldn't understand his art, he would incorporate them into it until they did.
He had three months until he was to perform a private show for Mightee One's board members; three months to plan his magnum opus. He transferred obscene amounts of money to a veterinarian in exchange for cannisters of nitrous oxide, then bribed the stage technician of Mightee One's private theatre for access to the room. His celebrity granted him a benefit of the doubt no regular person could conceive. When the show was ready, gas seeped into the room as executives and stagehands awaited Ji-woon, conveniently running behind schedule.
When he arrived, half-conscious bodies were splayed in their seats and crawling across the floor. He worked quickly, binding everyone, pausing only when he came to Yun-Jin — the woman who had plucked him from a mudhole and set him on the path he deserved. She would be rewarded, granted special access to the coming display of wonder. Even under sedation, she fought, a raging storm within her, far stronger than the others. He propped her up as the lone audience member, prying her eyes open. The others, snivelling and sobbing, were brought on stage to perform their final act. With a contemptable sneer, he slapped makeup onto their faces and shone stage lights upon them. They became his instruments.
To the sound of self-produced melodies, he tortured them, gracefully dashing from one body to another, conducting an operatic crescendo from their wailings. They shouted, whimpered, screamed, cried for their loved ones, cried for their mothers. It was a magnificent outpouring of emotion, of what it meant to be human, and they did it with eyes fixed on Ji-woon.
Viscera drained from the stage until, with the toss of his throwing knife, the final human instrument fell silent and the music stopped. Covered in sweat and blood, an exhausted Ji-woon looked to Yun-Jin and bowed. Curtain call. He had attained perfection. With blade in hand, he made his way to Yun-Jin, prepared to tie up loose ends before the credits rolled. But as he reached her —
From where, he didn’t know, but it billowed around them, damp, cool... comfortable. He saw the grand stage: hospitals and temples, forests and slaughterhouses — an eternal plane adorned with rusted hooks, sustained by the million eyes that would watch him, run from him, experience him. All he had to do was accept, become an implement of The Fog and, most importantly, make them scream.
The table below lists additional Lore about The Trickster from The Archives , either from Tomes that featured him or from individual Lore entries that mentioned him:
The Trickster comes with 3 Perks that are unique to him:
Whenever a Survivors performs a Rushed Vault action at a Window , Hex: Crowd Control activates on a random Totem and triggers its effect:
"You have no control. People like you never did." — Ji-Woon Hak
Whenever you hook a Survivor for the first time, No Way Out gains +1 Token . Once the Exit Gates are powered, No Way Out activates:
Whenever you are carrying a Survivor, Starstruck activates:
"Enjoy this moment, few get so close." — Ji-Woon Hak
Prestiging The Trickster will automatically add Tier I of his Unique Perks to the inventories of all other Killers and unlock the ability for their higher-tiered versions to spawn in their Bloodweb .
Prestige The Trickster twice more to automatically add Tier II and Tier III respectively into the other Killers' inventories.
The Polished Head Smasher is the Primary Weapon of The Trickster . A customised aluminium bat with a sharp edge and an iconic grip.
"A mesmerising skill honed through a lifetime of practice, Ji-Woon Hak unleashes a flurry of knives with rapid-fire speed." SPECIAL ABILITY: SHOWSTOPPER The Trickster starts the Trial with 36 Blades equipped.
Press and hold the Power button to enter the Throw State and wind up the Blades . Release the Power button to exit the Throw State . SPECIAL STATE: THROW STATE While in the Throw State , with a Blade at the ready, press the Attack button to throw a single one or press and hold it to unleash a flurry of them:
Blades can be replenished at Lockers . The Auras of Blades inside Lockers are automatically revealed to The Trickster within 36 metres , when he is out of them. SPECIAL AFFLICTION: LACERATION Survivors hit with Blades accumulate +1 Charge of Laceration , filling their Laceration Meter . Once the Laceration Meter is full at 6 Charges , the affected Survivor loses 1 Health State . Laceration starts dissipating at a rate of -1 charge every 4.4 seconds , if a Survivor is not hit by a Blade for 16 seconds , and immediately loses -3 Charges , if they are hit with a Basic Attack . SPECIAL ABILITY: STYLE RANKS There are 6 Style Ranks : E , D , C , B , A and S The Trickster earns Style Points by throwing Blades and performing distinct actions back-to-back. Earning enough Style Points causes The Trickster to go up in Style Ranks , each Style Rank improves Blade throw rate and reload speed. Style Ranks decay to a lower rank if no actions have been performed in a while. Performing actions refreshes the decay timer. The decay timer is paused while performing certain actions. Reaching S -Rank causes Survivors within 44 metres to be revealed by Killer Instinct for 4.4 seconds . While in S -Rank, Terror Radius is increased to 44 metres , Lullaby gets disabled, Laceration Meter decay is paused and The Trickster is granted access to Main Event . S -Rank decays back to E -Rank after 66 seconds , this decay timer cannot be refreshed or paused by performing actions. SPECIAL ABILITY: MAIN EVENT Press the Secondary Power button to activate Main Event for a maximum of 10 seconds , unless The Trickster cancels it prematurely by pressing the Secondary Power button again:
After performing Main Event , The Trickster suffers fatigue and Showstopper is put on a 4 second cool-down. The Style Rank will also be depleted back to E -Rank, this rank is increased up to B -Rank by performing Blade hits during Main Event . Main Event cannot be activated within 20 metres of a Hooked Survivor.
"Don't run away Don't say we're through No way to escape thisI'll be waiting for you" — NO SPIN'S "Waiting For You"
"Shhh... you don't have to see your blood anymore." — Ji-Woon Hak
"Your whisper on me Warm as can be Burning each breath Till I can't breathe" — The Trickster's "Whispers of Warmth"
After a ricochet, on every eighth Blade hit, a bonus is assigned at random:
"Please, no... don't make it hurt... I can't... I..." — Unidentified Voice
Certain Add-ons change The Trickster's Chase Theme by replacing the default Chase layer (note that they cannot override the S-Rank Chase layer):
There are 2 Achievements related to The Trickster :
Whenever you are carrying a Survivor, Starstruck activates:
"Enjoy this moment, few get so close." — Ji-Woon Hak
Whenever a Survivors performs a Rushed Vault action at a Window , Hex: Crowd Control activates on a random Totem and triggers its effect:
"You have no control. People like you never did." — Ji-Woon Hak
Whenever you hook a Survivor for the first time, No Way Out gains +1 Token . Once the Exit Gates are powered, No Way Out activates:
Players can choose from a variety of Cosmetic options to customise The Trickster :
"Thank you for supporting & inspiring us along the years!" - The Dead by Daylight Team
"Have a fantastic holiday season and a bloody good new year!" —The Dead by Daylight Team
A concert outfit inspired by a bird local to Korea. It is said to bring good luck and fortune.
An eclectic outfit worn during The Trickster’s Brazilian concert.
The rooster emerged from the flames, its beautiful cry harmonizing with the victim screaming on the pyre.
The rooster emerged from the flames, crowing as the victim died screaming.
All the arrangements were made for him to record a new single with a hot young superstar.
He enjoyed watching his audience panic during a rainstorm at one of his outdoor concerts.
Ji-woon was a star who was always asking for more. The desire for attention can lead one down a dangerous road.
Ji-woon was a star who was always asking for more. The desire for attention can lead one down a dangerous road.
Ji-woon was a star who was always asking for more. The desire for attention can lead one down a dangerous road.
Ji-woon was a star who was always asking for more. The desire for attention can lead one down a dangerous road.
The Trickster's iconic outfit while shooting the music video for his first album.
The Trickster's iconic outfit while shooting the music video for his first album.
The Trickster's iconic outfit while shooting the music video for his first album.
The Trickster's iconic outfit while shooting the music video for his first album.
Stage outfit the Trickster wore during his first national tour as a solo artist, welcomed by large crowd of grief-stricken fans.
Stage outfit the Trickster wore during his first national tour as a solo artist, welcomed by large crowd of grief-stricken fans.
Stage outfit the Trickster wore during his first national tour as a solo artist, welcomed by large crowd of grief-stricken fans.
The first show where the Trickster revealed his new persona during a live show following the death of his previous group, NO SPIN.
The first show where the Trickster revealed his new persona during a live show following the death of his previous group, NO SPIN.
He requested a memorable outfit for his latest music video. Designed by Domrebel .
A sponsored outfit he wore for a late-night video shoot at the beach.
The outfit of the opening song during the Trickster's World Tour, which involves a theatrical play of lights and elaborate choreography.
An eclectic outfit worn during The Trickster’s Brazilian concert.
The night inspired him and concealed his dark impulses.
The latest karaoke video game featured many of his hit singles. He agreed to judge a singing contest as a publicity stunt.
He saved one of his most dramatic looks for a guest appearance on a talent show.
The rooster emerged from the flames, its beautiful cry harmonizing with the victim screaming on the pyre.
A peaceful and calming ensemble that stands in stark contrast to his cruelty.
All the arrangements were made for him to record a new single with a hot young superstar.
He was caught by surprise when he saw Yun-jin in the makeup chair that morning.
He climbed on stage at the full Fire Moon Festival and delivered an unforgettable live performance.
A holiday photoshoot outfit for his fans.
Ji-woon's fans were disturbed by the brutal catfight video he posted.
He went straight to the producers to present his new look. He was rejected on the spot for being too extreme.
His dad’s restaurant was packed. Young Ji-woon let his fingers glide over his blades, ready to put on an epic show.
The Trickster was always searching for his next masterpiece. Looking down at his new techwear, he could practically hear the ecstatic cheers of the crowd.
He performed for his most hardcore fans on Valentine's Day, giving them a unique experience. He addressed the crowd of crying fans, asking them to be his Valentine.
A virtual idol modeled after Hak Ji-woon. She changed her programming in order to find freedom from her creator.
The Trickster has 2 alternate Character models available in the in-game Store:
The Trickster is part of 3 DLCs:
